"Yes, but each battle, 10 3112 Snorlax will last more than a minute"
About tree fiddy
Bang bang bang
I imagine they are small marks and if you weren't looking for them wouldn't see them.
"Yeah, me too...I didn't enjoy it much, although I do enjoy them seperately"
If a frog had wings it wouldn't bump his ass when he hops
"can't watch it and get into heaven son, that's stealing :("
I don't really know the exact models but have you looked at crown hookah glass bowls?
Feeeeeeemales!
"I haven't been able to watch a single game on nfl mobile in almost 2 years, it never works for me for some reason."
But her niece isn't running yet
So Obama used a false chemical weapons report to start a proxy war with Russia?
it put me in debt
"By Trump-Logic, as displayed many times, that number is actually 8 million votes."
Good Rexy.
"The best part is that this is what they were demanding, roflmao!"
"Wait, yesterday she said she felt great."
I cursed you
"True, but that also costs a couple of cards"
It kills me to know I'll never be with a woman even remotely close to as good looking as Leanne.
"And Leeds, don't forget about us :("
chime horn master race
Love it!
Payback for Wade shooting the lights out last week
I'm not gullible enough to take the word of something he wrote in a book so there's that
"I wanted to try it but the queues were so long, since it was called DODGEball, it would make more sense she could only use her 3 and 4 (less cancerous and you can dodge better)"
And then there was Mormonism
You mean like the women they are slut shaming for wearing 'hypersexualised' costumes?
BttF2 was only a year off with their prediction!
I'm still waiting to see Koe no Katachi but I've heard it was just good.
#TeamPitt
"So I kind of know, would bbq pork with vinegar not work better for that region?"
Purging voters doesn't qualify?
I miss this style of metal core so much
"I'm up in Canada, so I'm just going to stay put while that man is in office..."
Department of ^selective Justice
"Pretty sure the term is 'house nigger', not field negro."
I think it's because you have to make them in bulk so they have to pick popular molecules.
"In other news, water is wet."
Ditto.
"If we're (what I understand your metaphor's implying as) spaceships for another race, shouldn't we start investing in more manned space travel so we can get there as well as getting them there?"
Wild Warrior with Gahz'rilla?
The HBO Go interface
"Omg, during the last step up's I did a multi with Nnoitra and Nozomi too xD"
SCOTT COMES TO THE RESCUE!
It could confuse your muscles and make muscle grow in places where you didn't actually work out.
This just makes me want to learn German or Italian even more.
Get some silicone based scar gel.
412
"I tried them on in store, they are TTS"
Its the Russians!
"The ones who do, live in those states like NY and CA that get less influence"
"So basically you win by getting a lot more points, and your company pays the cost with an additional $200 for the ticket?"
Why have historical and scientific accuracy when you can have transphobia instead?
Its actually exactly the same as other seasons and tomorrow will be a huge player massacre aswell..
"10 years, 10,000,000 documents, 0 corrections."
"I haven't played in a while, but I think you can mark them for deletion and pause the work."
he's also very open minded!
"Determined to save their family, the daughter must join the Yakuza..."
"I don't know, sounds like he may be too *euphoric* for us lesser beings"
"SS: You lost, don't ever call us again you loser and you can forget about being friends on Facebook."
Is he also a closet homosexual in PA?
151 comments and no one noticed the hypocrisy in the display featuring a representation of the human face in a religion that supposedly objects to that.
But how'd you get Falco in 64?
Especially if they have capped shoulders
"I thought Adult Swim really was the one place that you didn't have to worry about political censorship, especially for shows after midnight, but apparently not."
Hmmmm... Truth must rhyme with douche for a reason.
Yeah... The rising median wage at a time when the entire world's developed countries are seeing thay shrink is really hurting the working class...
"You can call Commuter Services, they will sometimes impound bikes that have been parked way too long"
"Can you tell me, without spoilers, why they're stopping in November 2018?"
"OK, dude...chill out!"
Do you happen to have any suggestions for alcoholic drinks that don't taste too alcoholic?
I guess its just perception but I live in the suburbs of NY and those things youve listed only further push my point.
I would have said a big bag of wool.
Without using traps or *abilities*
And I'm sure none of those reports are fake or staged
TFW you believe that all the people that hated before are now sticking up for you o3o
More of that famed Trump sarcasm?
"Well, I mean, there was taxes but we've moved away from that since Eisenhower, the stalwart Democrat who built our highways"
"I mean, you're totally right... ...but if michigan squeaks in and wins, you better believe I'm gonna be celebrating like any other Michigan fan."
How did u get that kimmich?
hoezo je hebt toch een katalysator?
Already came out in beta :)
Go to the fruits and vegetable section and get an apple instead
**NOT PAID ACTORS**
"Ahh yes, the ignorant kid with a stick up his ass that can't give credit where credit is due."
I'm just waiting for the German redditors to tell us who this is blown out of proportions.
That's because so many of them are centralized in the most expensive part of the country.
"Never said that him not saying anything made it worse, people getting angry at these people is what made it worse He didn't do anything wrong, he just couldve thought in a more positive way."
"Are you honestly implying that no one, not even this mass murdering psychopath, deserves it?"
Yep - it's in Leviticus - did you miss this part of early morning seminary?
Having 2 chairs is pretty unusual.
"IT'S ONE OF ONLY A FEW SITUATIONS WHERE YOU CAN PEE ON YOURSELF WITH LITTLE TO NO REPERCUSSIONS, A MAN'S GOTTA LIVE A LITTLE"
You guys are a brotherhood brotherhood sticks together
I don't know... He probably already offed half his army for that sick power armor.
"Yeah, sending dick picks has really done wonders for Anthony Weiner's career."
This needs to stop.
needs more spacers
Nothing to do with anything.
His final typing is grass/ghost
How many freedoms units is that?
Hindsight is 20/20!
"But, but, Trump and the Banana Republicans said they could."
Everyone always hopes for this and everyone is always let down.
It's been adjusted... just give up on the anus obsession already!
Haven't seen these exact criticisms before.
"Ahh, so that was what the whole Hamilton thing was about......."
Straight outta goodwill
"Yeah but you can add a simple sharia law that says women must give sex to husbands, perfect!"
"That's just because you're not even a medaling hospital, gotta go with the top 3"
If you aim it stores three bullets allowing you to burst fire.
"Choice, conservation and management are even more accessible, and very effective."
It was in reference to the show The League
Found the Sony bot.
Except Luis for athletico bombs forward and crosses?
Never understood the purpose of banning people from an anonymous site they can register an unverifiable account to within 30 seconds of their ban.
But I haven't listened to any wisps in that game or does it not matter at all
Found the Trump supporter
until you learned to wipe properly.
"This must be private server, haven't seen charter boat full of supplies ever."
Mirai Nikki is already on my bucketlist but I didn't know it was horror
Lets just hope he doesn't use this to inspire his supporters to commit violence against anyone.
"Looks like a stock one, just rattle canned red."
Parochial.
And as ever our totally in touch and not rediculous WGEU members are totally keeping track of this and changing it for the best of the community.
We do not have a lock on the bye yet hommie
Yeah because the timing was off
I think it's a grandmas boy movie reference.
Music was annoying af.
you know ittttt
don't care about security updates?
First Muslim ever to deport himself.
It has been ages since they had a visitor.
how long were yall together?
"Yeah, it's spelled ""tris""!"
The real question is how can it predate the bible if the bible doesn't mention it...checkmate
now I know what to say every time I miss the tyr blink combo.
Flawless logic
"If you're Indian, you just have to wait for the Europeans to come so that you can catch a few plagues or something for the tech boost"
Because normal people respond to a variety of 911 calls with limited information.
I don't disagree but I submit as evidence everything they've done in the South China sea to expand their claims over the region.
Yeah making those 2 saves on the empty net was atrocious defense!
In Minnesota our Democratic Party (The democratic farmer and laborer party) is a relic of the progressive movement.
It's a conspiracy by the solar power lobbyists!
But it's juuuuust a gaaaaaame.
Been thinking this would be perfect for him
No but somehow racists opinions are worth considering before making policy change now
Could have been San Francisco...
What figure is this?
But I need an assault rifle to protect my family from home invasions!
"yo ok that kids eyes are legit demon eyes, did anyone else notice this?"
This isn't about me.
God was trying to smite you for your pagan ways
These rocks are not for shale!
"Speaking of [[Friendly Bartender]], I love that card so much that I kept all 17 copies I got, and I'll never dust them!"
I mean I would rather have termites or other pests almost anywhere else than my house
The Last of Us?
"Great, less people to worry about abusing the system, right?"
Not Hackney Road looking North?
Thank god there was one brave soul willing to stand up to this blatant animal cruelty.
"Yeah, why would they want to test their game on thousands of PC setups for way less money than what they would have to pay quality testing companies who test with 20 PCs."
"Wasn't trying to be mean, just sounds better when you happen to talk about it again c:"
"Come on Clay, just because they rape young boys and wipe their ass with their bare hand doesn't mean they are not a civilized as us..."
Same...
"It's okay, just keep it wavy."
what about showing the wireframe of enemies that are in the same hex as you are whenever you plant a recon dart in the spawn room
Use one AirPod at a time.
Sounds like you have a bad battery
commas are your friend
Indian roller too
Ja!
North Korea
Your trolling right ahahah sure mate
more sombras
"Of course, as expected"
Yes because white people are so oppressed
Inb4 it's some house of cards conspiracy shit
"God im old, i was under the impression that this was something everyone knew"
But but.... They are editing the DOW to fit Hilary's narrative!
I thought you meant that you had tattooed one massive papercut onto your skin and I was very confused.
meirl
"Fortunately for him, he is running against Hillary who, if you could build the worlds worst candidate, it would be her."
How else could you read that?
Gee I wonder why?
"Danny Woodhead, Julian Edelman, Toby Gerhardt, Wes Welker, etc."
"Because they have a goldfish's memory, so even if they had one, nobody would remember where it is."
It doesn't matter the quality anyway we can always 'enhance that'
Shocking
did they kick the griefer
"Yeah, I'm not going to sit through 4 30-second commercials just to see a 2-minute clip on 4oD."
"Here, I ran down to the shops and bought this just for your sake:"
I think we're onto something!
wer da
Yeezus
"Well yeah, he killed a ""terra-ist"""
Well that's certainly a realistic endeavor.
GET THIS TO THE TOP BOYS
Great ground game
Make Benelux Great Again!
"I had edited my original post, as I meant Cowher - former steelers coach."
"That means they'll keep it up to date with the latest tech, right?"
You forgot the
MAKE AMERICA WHITE AGAIN!
yeah but they were the greatest 18 mins of all time
*Peoples'*
That's how much **courage** costs these days
Don't be an asshole
"Hummm, I still wonder about Brendan claiming SA told him early morning of 10/31/05, that TH were visiting that day!"
I would bet on Sage too but subbing Gall seems like a (needlessly) longer bet.
"True dat lol, he's at home right now flipping a shit about the refs too"
Smith never clicked for me
Nice mousepad you have there on the left!
it looks like Chinese
"If you have a link for this product (the card), hook it up with a link!"
"Alex Jones fully is the guy who yells at chipotle employees to speak English, right?"
Fuck a Hulu.
"Oh hello Nep, didn't know you changed your username"
I agree but the mentality tends to be different for some reason.
You're still a loser
"Yeah, it's a party every week baby!"
"Aubrey Marcus is still a better guest than Brandon""work ethic "" Schaub"
You should start your post with system name like [PC] or [PS4]
"As of now, it is at $41,785."
"Anytime I'm in common areas and bored I walk around and give everyone ""Blessing of King's"""
Where is the MSM?
"No - it's been processed, so it's not *actually* wood anymore."
"ahh, the old dick joke"
Every item included in the halloween event is buyable!
Q letting those expletives fly!
We have no Giannis :( the Greek Freak is lord of the stank face.
I think it's a mirrow
Practice your passing instead of blaming the game maybe?
They looked at which was more hoarded and went with the other.
I admire your love and dedication.
Ok I think I just SHAT my pants.
Does this imply I'm a five now?
Thank you for voting!
You should probably add a
"For me, it's when I realized AC3 had no assassination and you were healing so fast you were basically Wolverine and could defeat the entire British army bare handed if you wanted to."
Get yourself a chainmail glove and hope for the best
"The ""Worlds"" of CoD has happened three times and I think the Koreans have combined for a total of one map."
"How much does it cost, though?"
It's rigged because brown people shouldn't be able to vote.
we'll give them Huertas and Jose.
TJ McConnell Upvote Party Upvote Party!
She's gonna try and get a piece of that friendship!
"And I have gold damage, I must be doing everything right!"
I can't believe people have expectations for a movie based on the three previous movies in the series!
"What are you talking about, this is the standard movie commercial break method"
"I think the given is that this is chapter 849, so oda will have something bug for 850, so there'll be a break before, and a break after for new year"
My favorite show and my favorite tv parents!
It would happen at compile time regardless.
Eye can see you up there...
"I thought it was 21 minutes, making the hoarding much less of an issue."
That's a good way to get people to stop
Any 1070 is a good buy how is this even a question
Does it stop being animal cruelty if you add red wine and *fines herbes* to the animal?
Works for me.
NEIN!^^actually ^^you're ^^100% ^^correct
agreed :/
Does anyone know what a dog jonesing for narcotic looks like?
Found the racist sexist Trump supporter who would probably vote for Pepe
Surprisingly Hillary has been silent on this and hasn't called for a recount.
hole situation*
"*I started having a panic attack right there in the mall, and of course my cis-white-hetero family has no sympathy or understanding of my conditions...*"
Obviously what I meant.
"Saying that this was a close primary that would have changed if the DNC hadn't favored Clinton is just patently false though, it wasn't close and them wanting Clinton to win didn't overall change the outcome of the election"
Can't even argue with that.
The drop sounds very similar to the one in Autoerotique's collab with Major Lazer - The Sound
"The cars are incredibly close now ... except for, you know, Honda FTFY."
I feel like Part 4 had so much more energy and life in it compared to a few of the other parts.
Wow bet that really showed the Nazi's
Yo les pianos
Don't forget their holy capitol in Oregon... the Malhauer bird refuge.
I can't begin to imagine the energy in the stadium after that.
Just like Adam.
"Congratulations OP on finding the smallest, most useless gif of this video yet."
"Yeah guys,let's save people by letting them die!"
Get good and don't be in memejoe joseph's class
Looks like someone volunteered for cat facts!
Hes probably talking about the edgelord rogues that strafe back and forth like a child on meth while you're stunned.
Beware the fury of a patient man - John Dryden
"Sexism/racism isn't lessened because it's done to ""someone of a privileged group"""
Gotta love the crazy Yakuza's.
Sorry
What's the reverb/hold?
But Hillary's just as bad and would have done the same things!
"there lies the problem, un will always be handicapped."
My friend gets cat called every day and it's so so so stupid
"six hours of Rose McGowan's cleavage, coming up."
RX-0 Unicorn for br 8.0 MT pls
ffs at least have a go NZ
"I don't think that TKOL is their magnum opus in the sense that RIL is for Talking Heads, but I do see and agree with that comparison: they've both got 5 spunky, polyrhythmic songs and then 3 slow, emotional songs."
Talk about cringe.
"Obviously he only won because he was hacking, proving his teammates right."
"Tbh, the salami sword thing was way more racist than Pierce's comment."
All I can taste is rainbow :(
"yeah, I'm wondering about that guy's SPM:)"
Abalama
get a life dude
Burton's alice in wonderland
"Yeah, I'm actually not too worried about the recounts, but something is fishy, and I don't think we should take it too lightly."
timely - my favorite Christmas movie!
hey guys welcome to my crib...that's the handicap stall right there and the communal shower..I really like to spread out when I shower ;)
Where is the circle for Kelly Johnson?
Gilga' is OP AF.
"I dunno, that username sounds like something Rupert Murdoch would choose..."
"yea, they're what we call ""Prospect I's"""
God sent the call to show you the call did not come from God.
5 hours worth of work and then years and hundreds of hours put into the game .... mmm yeah I can see how that's unfair
Pretending we never made mistakes is a really good way to make sure make them again.
INTERNALIZED OPPRESSION
"I opened it assuming a picture of a goat, I dunno what to feel now"
It will be Putin for single handedly rigging our election
There should be a thread with lots of 1 credit classes somewhere on this subreddit.
Not if the Gay Fish People who did 9/11 have anything to say about it...!
"Because politically active teenagers are like unicorns, and trigger warnings are only used for things people disagree with and not for sensitive topics like rape or violence"
But...Its cold right now!
You say that like it's a bad thing.
No
Pshhh your eyes can't see past 30 or so fps
"Personally, I'd like to see a wrestling ring in Congress, some thrown chairs, and McConnell as the ring master."
Noted po
Just wait til those same people try to demand respect for Melania and can't get it
Play Fallout 4 to get a glimpse of the an-cap utopia
The only history that matters is the one in the Bible!
"Yeah, that makes about as much sense as FNaFs timeline..."
I think it's been confirmed to only work once per evolution.
"Would be a nice gesture for sure, but yeah does depend on the person."
that list is quite bullshit.
Maybe it will fully resolve itself when you return to the mother church?
fucking hell hex how could you
I fail to see the problem here.
"Menurut fatwa MUI, dilarang menggunakan atribut dan hiasan agama lain bro."
And the democratic party has no power in those states
"You care enough to respond, haha."
Wet Sand
becuz he resigned from the Trump administation therefore Trump is to blame!
"It's the official one on fangamer, it looks so good!"
ok.
Looks like I'm spending quite a bit of cash on girl group Albums in Jan :) No regrets :p
He was just starting a conversation.
It's actually burn it....burn it all.
"Yes, but she's a stupid 18 year old kid"
"I don't play aggressive enough, which often leads to my teammates' deaths."
r/4HeadCringe
Creep is LEterally worse than the n-word.
Someone check for me
Sure ;)
You forgot the
What CP is just thinking for yourself!
Yes just Americans.
"Wow, you nullified my comment so harshly."
He would be such an unbiased moderator....
"They're not white supremacists, they're *white nativists* which is totally different, you know."
They took pictures of all this crap that they did so they could look at it later like porn.
"Jon Stewart &amp; Steven Colbert, America's most trusted news source."
chill dude its a joke
Did Hillary say all Trump supporters were bigots?
"But libertarian conservatives tell me all tax is theft and that ""tax avoidance"" should have no penalty, you statist."
"He's right, I learned it from God at Sunday Bloody Sunday School"
just give it a overclock and it should be fine!
But the players don't care about this gimmick tournament.
Great input
You forgot to mention birth control.
But definitely not Bush or Regan.
Pretty sure it's the last one.
I can't tell if this post is from 2015 or 2016.
"Ahem, in 'Murcia we call 'em ""Freedom Units""."
"Use it to level your own gyms against higher cp, the moveset is a little unfortunate but its still working."
Young man you should know that appropriated soviet art for anti-communist propaganda is a gateway drug.
"I start leave next week, Ill take a wack at it... Gonna need a 3d holographic projector"
I feel so tiny in your arms
Finally a new fresh idea !
finally this sub is coming around to my way of thinking; it is time for the government to scrap all welfare and just invest in Pollock's artwork.
"Yeah, but most of the apologists here will upvote him because Apple is totally strapped for cash right now..."
Gee its almost like there are many different ppl with differing opinions here
Actually if you count there are 15 blades...
"I totally agree, fuck Clinton"
Yes you have used up all of your monster luck.
Jasmine by far
Guys are all individuals with different likes and dislikes.
Forgot the
It's a good thing we decided not to wait until December to wait for Lacy to get more carries....
"Somebody hasn't explained to her yet that common sense term limits are ""racist"""
One would think all those quadrillion miles logged by thousands of Teslas should have been enough for them to learn what a bus looks like
It's all them gosh darn riggers
How classist of you!
We just need Timmy Thomas back
We need the help of China
Here I am just trying not to play it again until the remastered version is released.
Maybe it's because they don't have a Q button
source?
Fair Price = $39.99 for cosmetic armor for only a single faction.
"Without the pipelines, how would all those chiefs be able to fuel up their 350 Super Duties and Ram 3500's?"
Blitz lookin good KappaPride
All regions play on the same PTR servers
We hate each other so much we won't have anything to do with each other.
"Get it together, game designers!"
#2EDGY4ALLOFUS
I like how the tweet felt the need to parenthesise the names of the players accomplishing these feats.
I'd prefer a confessional Catholic state that allows people to practice their religions freely in their private lives with a complete ban on Islamic immigration.
"No diagram,hard to understand"
You might be looking for a business-level plan
Second place at TI is no joke
Fair enough
I'm gonna have a lot of rant fuel ^^^FUCKING ^^^BULLSHIT ^^^ALL ^^^THREE ^^^OF ^^^THESE ^^^FUCKS ^^^TARGETED ^^^ME
I'm all for closing Coal power plants in favor of Nuclear power like France personally
Lol.
I've chosen instead to foster the liberalism in my friend/their son.
"That's not how the presidency works, you simpleton."
"Clearly on the decline, he's on track to not complete any passes against Middlesbrough"
She spent the last few house slaving over cooking dinner and nobody even liked it!
op is cancer
I have family meals like once a year
Phil Heath
I think my gas was actually a solid.
I get them in the blisters/boxes.
TFx Cub
Imagine if the PC's did what Julius does and fly about in the sky beast selling totally not heretical things in their definitely not heretical ship that just coincidentally is called the godem
IIRC Superman doesn't throw a single punch on screen for the whole duration of the movie.
"Yeah, from what I've heard it won't even run GTA V in 4K so it's DoA."
"story of my life atm, vs'd 6 smurfs in a row now and it doesn't really matter how well I do cuz 2 smurfs can outclass 1 player whose slightly better then his rank"
i need a gif of when she collapsed and the secret service threw her limp body into the limo like a fucking meat sack
I'm unsure.
It was for showing off.
"Well we got two options, just chalk it up as an L and get ready for tomorrow, or crazy ass win part 3"
No way me too!
"In ancient greece, wars were fought over hips like those."
"I believe it was found to be viable to 93% of premises, up from the 90% initially touted."
Get up in his ass Larry!
"It's cool, thank you."
Is aquaphor a carb?
"Hm, I was wondering if you knew that since you seem to care about an American candidate so much, you're calling him a fool."
"Indiana is either the Gray Flat State, or the ""lets move"" state."
Reddit links don't count
Time to go and for the 6 core goodness?
I thought It was 11 people?
It's been a pleasure being trolled by you.
"Yeah and susano needs to revert his buff, 42% winrate balance."
Dude
"He writes the coalition listing, and has to update it whenever Sort does random things"
"You don't know how annoying this is when you're in a dogfight chasing the enemy and he is acting up like that, just going back and forth.. Really good countermeasure tho"
His accent just tops it off
It makes my blood curl...
Atlantic bro's anyone?
"Tell him no, Eifert is on bye so Pitta has to eat."
Trust a 14 yr old to spew a bunch of crap
Im pretty sure I wore out my VHS copy as a kid.
Killary
Do you have to secure secrets from yourself or those who aim to assist you?
How dare you assume his level of attractiveness
Christmas can bring out the good and the worst in people.
I thought it was Zippy.
"Tried every 4 letter city on maps and looked for a river, then searched for the orange roof"
I use an iPhone SE...But I'm sure whatever all is it will improve over time unlike Siri.
"Njrotc platoon commander by day, 3D printer operator by night."
"That's impressive, how does one go inside a window?"
Fuck off Melody
Sadly LoL managed to get the Japanese artists to make doujins.
How in the hell would you not remember what you put in there?
They're all too fat to pull it off.
"If I'm allowed to make a really out-there guess, I'd say the cheating hurt him so bad he feels like he *has* to believe it's not a big deal, as a coping mechanism... Of course I'm probably nowhere near right and am being really inconsiderate for even writing that, but I just kinda had to."
More Benny's cars!
I can't think of any other reason one would voluntarily install this extension.
Order 288 being delivered tomorrow for me.
My god I was so angry watching that
"I mean, he was a fucking white male."
Shitty PC + LED lighting system = gamer PC obvs
People voted for Trump specifically in reaction to people like you.
Yinz goin dahntahn to the civic arena?
He looks like emperor Palpatine.
curio
10/10 man good job
"thankfully no, since i almost never take ignite when i support lol"
vvhat did yov jvst fvcking say abovt primvs yov little false
*Sniff*
Because world history isn't good enough source material
She was one of the Savage Land Mutates and later a Maurader
Jesus.
The trunk will still be warm as it's connected to the rest of the car.
It's in front of his belly
"I thought it was kinda cool the first time I watched it, but I still can't get through a second watch."
"In an email: ""your welcome"""
I'm Helga but you can just call me an only child.
next step is pushing people into ovens!
"Yeah the problem with the democrats is they are never willing to make deals,"
Lol well that just gives it away xD Ritual Beast with tech'd Ghost Reaper and Cherries
"So far we're at three timelines and counting, with a few events taking place outside of this (like mib killing Maeve and her daughter)"
Now she's a Jill Stein esque radical leftist
We're talking about polar bears not black people
Spanksafe!
None of the apps are working
"Soldiers are sacrificing lives for the country, your inconvenience is nothing."
"Hmm... Assassins, built as Tanks *maniacal laughter*"
What kind of process is that for you?
gg I am going to dodge hitscan... Because you can totally do that ._.
"I have a dumbo myself, those ears make them look super innocent, even if they are little devils sometimes."
Now who wants to play spongebob battle for bikini bottom with me?
"Traveled for this game, apparently ill be sitting in the 400 block for this game..."
NO
Could be fun.
do they count as gamers... i feel they are tourists...
but laine is better in +/- than all of the Leafs rookies so he's better
you're a brave man with that flair.
*whoosh*
I guess I should have added a
If u make more money than your parents (presumably) doing something and have a persona then u bet your ass she would let him act like that
excuse me this is why Trump won okay
"To me, Arnold has been dead for centuries."
Everybody knows that military members overseas vote overwhelmingly Democrat.
I would be shitting my pants if frank mir was coming at me like that.
Homophobe.
Scientists need to fake data so it will be more balanced!
Must be one of them 4Chan hackers
The packaging fairies?
You will need a Windows store copy
42 Wallaby way Sidney
Little Big Planet lol
"Pero tranquilo chico, los vendieron baraticos"
islamist apologists are so delightful we are all just racists everyone it's very modern to marry children or for rapists to marry their victims
He's definitely not a puppet though.
The plot thickens...
"Oh damn, I'm suuuurre this happened, I mean what ""Marine"" that is ""18"" would possibly lie about something like this On another note, the details a just so...."
Can u help me :/
Could you recommend some?
"That's expected, wonder if a new engine manufacturer will come before"
Assume all cuck comments to be
"TBH I work downtown and I ride my bike, but if I ever drive I park over around eighth."
EUW
"Monte has charisma and certain kind of charm to him, I wouldn't say LS has either of those qualities."
"You should see the airfield around server restarts, it's usually 3 different groups fighting it out."
About 3.50$
Can't fault Ronaldo to be eager to start his coaching career when it looked like his playing career was over.
Can you elaborate how this makes them kool-aid drinkers cause I don't remember any bullshit from arenanet.
Why try when we're already #1?
"I'd rather beat them properly, but thanks"
"Christmas won some pivotal battles this year, but we will win the war."
I think (hope) you forgot this:
"Yeah, totally worth the risk of killing people."
tl;dr stack that paper up and then make boss moves.
But are you pissed he smashed it in less than 2 hours tho
That lag tho!
"It was a rhetorical question, emphasizing just how few people commenting in this thread seemed to have actually read the article properly before going off on their ""anti-white/we're suffering too"" circlejerk."
Yeah Tay lasted a couple hours unsupervised before going way off the deep end as I remember
Freaking Sugar Diggers
Is fun allowed?
W
"pressed crouch after every shot, must be hacking"
want to play a campaign now?
What's the point of less down force?
All this proves is how corrupt the NY AG office is
he's a genuinely cool dude who actually plays for his team and is really good at the game why not push for his content
Better take a look around.
What was he even hoping to achieve doing any of that?
"So we can see the headline of a newspaper on the table behind Captain America that reads ""Havoc in Harlem""..."
"I'm unable to participate, here's the code that was sent to me (not sure if you can use it): TWOTWO6M-3BNN-PET I also have one more uplay invite, first to PM gets it."
Some players like bad cards
3 shots seems just lil bit too few.
Looks better than margot
"Greece, France, whatever, these Europeans all look the same."
Adam Gase: The Running-Back Whisperer
"Election Commission, Congress and BJP are out to get AAP, Modiji is a Psychopath!"
"Well why wouldn't you, when paradise awaits?"
I would be down for all the coastal areas seceding from the inland and rural areas and form our very own Coastal Republic.
You don't need VOD because Horheristo is going to beat your record next day
I prefer a beer and joint while I'm getting my dick sucked in my jacuzzi while my landscaper mows the lawn.
Sooo creepy
"Fuck you, you aren't Norse, kys shitlord"
Because people having good pokemon = cheating
"Well, there's a fine example of unbiased reporting."
Now tell me what the last x in xxx means because im confused.
~~not what we ment by SS looping~~
Because he was holding a knife.
Ps4 sorry
But you Yuropoors don't get that you can take 12 inches and divide it by 2 two times before you get a decimal whereas if you take 10 cm and divide it by 2 twice you get a decimal.
Toilolo to RG?
yeah but he won
What was your main reason for leaving?
Keep calling him fat
"It's ok, because the real villain is GM."
She doesn't draw large crowds though...
I sure hope you aren't letting your MIC and headphones to kick you.
But... It's an Uncharted Island...
"Oh yeah, much worse than the Trump crowd!"
Wigg?
flat magic pen is good vs carries and bad vs tanks dude...
Phenibut
Did you read my username before you used that *incredibly* offensive name?
But you can't be lost if you're on a trail!
Or sue the company for fat shamming
"Uhh, its called negotiation dude..."
I think you forgot the
They fixed it by making the screen less efficient so it used up more battery!
After watching ancient aliens we now know it was an ancient deathray!
"Duh, ofc 8 &lt; 64, you need 8x more !"
Shino for Akatsuki 2016 confirmed.
We have found the EA employee
"Ugh so classy, much respect, such honor."
Nuh uh lazy Devs don't want to work on AI.
"You just need to spend more time making fun of them, thats why youre not seeing them."
I think you'll find Kimi clearly fucked himself by joining Ferrari.
It isn't a choice but a requirement when the minimum wage does not allow you to support yourself after 40 hours at work.
Thanks.
I love this every time I hear it.
"Hmm I like that but my build was more of a fabricate servos, [[master trinketeer]], then have them all swing for 5"
"Here, you seemed to have dropped this:"
They can always increase Horrify cooldown to make it more impactful.
Looks like the tire pressure was a little high.
A lot of Tina costumes im surprised there aren't more of the other girl I can't remember her name.
Not crap but i use mine...often.
What did NA have to do with this I'm confused
Boy do I love me some free market
All you need is Crucible Rank 3 and she gives you the quest
"Well, I'm convinced."
... with other teams.
Weird that the G&amp;M endorsed the conservatives the last four consecutive elections too...
Have you ever been in saltwater?
"I'm not sure gravity applies in the 8th dimension, i'm pretty sure you're cheating."
Do you live on a boat?
What's Fred Claus doing?
I wrote a reply but realized down voting is easier.
U ded
Hot take alert
Two dead REDS?
Good life
"Yup, I am reeeaaally jealous of that"
"It makes no sense, Hinkie ain't dead"
"Y'all better hope I never run for president, or you ain't seen nothing yet"
Ted got the last laugh on that one.
Thanks :p
Harper gave more interviews to US media than Canadian news.
Only hot dogs?
OP is such a deplorable
"Ouch, that makes it even worse I imagine."
Playing League of Legends
"Saint Barnard don't listen, he preaches."
"Well yeah, it's universal, dummy."
Construir la pared!
"My basic Pioneer head unit sounds significantly better after the upgrade of alternator to battery, much more bass response; your mileage may vary."
"Typical left-wing indoctrination bullshit, eh?"
We 128 tick now bois
I'm still waiting for Encino Man Part II.
The greatest reddit comment of all time
No duh
"Thanks, Obama."
"Not even a few days, just fast travel somewhere and fast travel back"
He's a dinosaur getting knee surgery he might be doneso this year.
"whew, what a relief"
HOLY LOVE OF PINEAPPLE PIE
Should be.
"netdecking in a never ending cycle, someone tries to make their own deck, they go to ladder and face tier 1 decks that other people netdecked, they keep losing to those decks and eventually get frustrated and go netdeck."
Was Opie the other guy that wasn't Anthony or Jim?
Because the comment itself isn't completely biased already?
"Expansions are 40$, probably 10$ maybe 15$ because of the amazing character slot and stash space"
Ever since the Bakries started the fuckery with the Roar so many years ago?
It's kinda hard with the amount of dumbasses on reddit that believe in the horseshit theory.
Didn't Damien Williams start over Ajayi last week?
"With certain recipes they are the best (but only the kind that are actually cheese, not that cheesefood shit, there is a difference)."
Trump's appointment to LEAD it.
"Sure, no dispute it's less than retail obviously."
Fucking McCree.... having to come in and make another note for existing......
This is the new job of The_Donald; Finding these posts and reporting them to ensure his security.
How *dare* you bring up *opinions* in here?
"r/rule34, I guess?"
Got a link on that please?
"She had the most people vote for her, but it was under 50% due to third party candidates taking ~4%"
Tag it serious!
"We shouldn't sweep the other word under the carpet here, which might be the most elegant word in german - ""Kartoffel""."
"Hey, now... Some of us in the rural population vote blue."
Dunning-Kruger effect?
"I'm assuming you use the beasts statistics, including its proficiencies."
"JingWei,Fafnir,Scylla"
"So much emotion, it's like she can barely contain herself."
"What's the white in the middle, pakistani?"
"When a front page post that basically says ""vote Hillary"" is at the top of the subreddit, you know we're impossible!"
I love getting my weed from cartels
Mine looks clean up until the flash on my phone.
For refusing to endorse a man that clearly goes against his values and policies?
Worldwide leader in sports
Jesus Christ dude.
Matthew Mercer as McCree?
What?
If you believe they only kissed then you may as well buy her a nice big present for being honest with you upfront!
Tchsshhh
It's almost as crazy as Cable the baby who was sent to the future to come back as an old man to lecture his younger father
These look like fine upstanding citizens who are really contributing to society.
"Low effort shitpost, Meet low effort derogatory comment."
You don't get rid of the dude with a 100% completion percentage and first down conversion rate!
Great source!
DAVID DESHARNAIS
"This proves it, Alvarez is just another bum the UFC threw Conor's way."
\m/
This guy has never heard of prosthetic hands
I would argue some people enjoy the debates.
Dan case?
Or an acupuncturist or naturopath or ...
"But don't forget, Hillary had three classified e-mails on her private server!"
"same, i hated this one"
I know you said DM but were you willing to split?
Thanks for explaining!
how terribly unreasonable of them
I guess you're too smart for this sub
Why does the wall need to be lightweight?
See newest post
Should have ended with them shutting the shades
No problem ;) I am happy it worked.
Hubba hubba
"But the actual DPOY is the polar opposite, and never acts like an ass on the court."
This made me laugh way harder than it should have.
Ben Garrison has always been amazing at subtlety.
"well after this sunday, he will be 9 losses away from truly being .500"
Sexist game
Well technically silent hills was never delivered.
That went smooth
I'm sending a mod mail to get you permabanned from the sub
Well I mean it is a Thai poster....
"Just picked my 6700k yesterday for 250 from microcenter, so they are definitely coming down in price.."
Can you give me a source on that number?
Vanguard tilts me real hard
"You will forget all of that by the time you go see the movie, chill"
"To be fair it is THE MrCoolguy710, would you expect someone with that name to not have any dank ass shirts?"
Its to keep the Donald off the front page clearly
"Yeah, all the major companies should be hiring this guy to be their user experience designer."
Texas does this too.
"A six pack, I'm gunna be super fucked."
some of the stuff I add every once in a while $CGW - around 2.5% of my portfolio $TAN - less than 0.5% of my portfolio I am thinking about increasing my allocation in CGW to 3% depending on the fundamentals of the underlying companies.
"As a FB marketer, that's easy"
"Alex actually says ""I bring life and hope"""
"And make sure to disable windows mouse acceleration (""pointer precision"") and the mouses own acceleration if it has any."
O no but they only focus on the innocent African leaders who want to move away from the Dollar standard.
"Yeah, steam is not a commercial platform for valve to earn money at all."
"I'm satisfied with the speed of content, but dissatisfied with the speed of other things Blizzard is doing."
"Seriously, stop chopping onions already.."
he's
I'm still waiting on obama to make white slavery legal...
"Totally, I mean who on earth would want to get stroked by Kristen Stewart, what a loser etc"
The files themselves were empty or were there no files at all?
Are you sure?
"But but, phantom range is toootally a part of a valid strategy."
steamos
~~5/7 no 6 packs~~
Yep aka paradise
You guys are so friendly to muslims
"Yeah, it totally wasn't the fault of the idiot that pulled across 2 lanes of traffic to bust a U-turn."
wut twith play pokman is stil a thig?
"Because people have the right to life, not a good life."
Yeah ridiculing the small few that voted for trump and are admitting it was a mistake is exactly what will heal our country
"Jimmy Bondoc - drug protector, dilawan"
TJ is GaEY.
Yeah I didn't notice
I pity you
Now see when I saw the title I thought 3000+ MS = 3000+ Ping
"Bold nature, which it has, just missing Regenerator"
"It's Pokemon GO man, they basically *invented* AR."
but we don't fire The Gays!TM
everyone knows there's only one 13:00 every day.
"nah don't get a cross bow, take too long to reload, get a sling and throw rocks at people really fast."
But...but Rawls is supposed to be the steal of the draft and put up top 10 numbers for the rest of eternity.
I guess I'll just knock over million year sculptures because hey it's just a fucking rock right?
"Yeah, because you can go up to a violent situation and ask if everything is alright"
We all know the real story is that Mexico is sending their rapists.
"What, no Facebook page?"
You were saving this one for a rainy day
"Something something, should have dropped Rooney"
Starting a profitable business is easy.
Five year's time... Trump's second term!
First Act instruments are extremely high quality
Chances this is nuclear testing?
"Oh great, I was hoping for more Norman-Beckham news."
Get browns nub
view bots obviously.
been *have*
Golf R to me doesn't really say luxury but I'd take a look at the Lexus IS350 F Sport AWD as well.
You sound like a true alpha who defintely doesn't question his masculinity.
They tweeted meme accounts telling them their memes are shit
Alex Jones interviewee incites violence against Hillary!
If ONLY Gamefreak had thought ahead and had an icon that showed that the Pokemon was obtained in Gen VI......
By craft I assume he started with a chest that was already 6l.
"And they are the ""bad guys"" for fleeing to Europe."
Aka play Hattori.
Clearly she didn't indent to delete 37% of her government emails
I don't get it why would the Warriors make fun of themselves in their own logo?
4x = 1440 +0.5x = 1620
"Hoffe, er potenziert das HK vorher mit Wasser, denn nur dann ist seine Heilwirkung garantiert."
Because anarcho capitalism is of course an actual anarchist philosophy
Yeah I'm sure trump is down
But I want to show you my penis and shock you and surprise you.......whatever PC culture of 2016 :)
Now they only have to find a few smiling french to evaluate this
"Had both him and Steve Smith, so i traded him (Wallace) for Golden Tate and starting him, over Darkwa."
We know ur just a 1337 H4x0r that planted that infinity in the chest
"Yes, but apart from their coach staff they probably used it to get rest maybe even sleep knowing they had at least 4 hours until they had to get warmed up again"
Bellies up for Harambe
"you dropped this,"
Ukraine is just another part of Russia.
"Just because you don't agree with his sexuality doesn't mean that he ""came out wrong"""
"It's all just ""words"" until they are trumps words then they're facts"
dont do this tsm lost cause of this
"Nah, she just knows when to bite her tongue."
You don't need feelings for that
"Gus just being schill for the University library, how the great have fallen."
All black people are criminals.
i think this might be old enough...
"PSH, volume control is all you need!"
dont we have enough of them in real life?
He should resign as a Life Peer - the only way a Life Peer can... with the resignation of his life.
"You mean ""snap"" like he snaps his finger or like he snaps when his predicted 15 minutes are up and the trial's not over?"
God damn look at that global trade.
You had Kobe of course you'd think 30+ attempts aren't that many
Because.. islam can do no wrong.
Why no one in America would give a shit
that actually means the Giants are because this season has taught me we only win as underdogs.
only when hillary is asked what she's going to do about the economy.
Reminder that Time gave Leigh Alexander inkspace to shit on us from a mainstream magazine.
"An inefficient, bad shooting missle"
The argument is that newer armor allows for newer PVM content which is more challenging.
"Painted (Purple), Certified (Guardian) Photons?"
It's not in any solicits or Hachette catalogues so it won't be out before May if it's happening
"U are the super reatard, reader"
Sh you can't say that here lmao.
"Give him a major, we need it."
160 meters of Paralysis... Holy moly.
This year.
"Yeah, but the pennies were used to fund the guy that was then burnt in public, were they not?"
"That's the thing, it's just coughing they could argue, we're already overreacting about it so it might be working"
I'm just gonna say fuck it and trade Bell for a kicker if that doesn't get rejected too haha.
"Or allow everything since it seems to be hijab vs headbands, hats, sweatshirts, etc."
I got the one I used for this photo for $85 refurbished straight from Canon.
Socialism always seems to rise after liberals lose and become radicalised by the far left.
Sick criticisms.
what the fuck are those recommended requirements?
that first one ew
Lethal teefs
I know *exactly* what to do with my hands.
I thought it was kendrick Lamar related until I checked the comments.
I'm on mobile but my best guess would be looking at the start and end of season 2.
"It's the cavalry class, they're basically another elite class."
"I get that, I guess it comes back to knowing there are states that stay Blue or Red so I just feel that so many votes are useless that it discourages me from voting even though my vote is more important and that isn't right imo."
I don't want to seem culturally insensitive but that's a fucking stupid idea.
You mean the DOS emulator with the blue background?
"Ha, family guy reference."
Search for it in the PS store and launch from there
"Do you think he memes it all out, or just memes it up as he goes along?"
"It's part of the architecture, why would you want to remove an iconic part of the building like that?"
I'd pay double taxes to provide the disenfranchised with a shrub lined pedestrian mall!
Will Donald Trump condemn the liberal animals for vandalizing a grave site?
Demisia Arafat
"But, e-mails and Hillary!"
"Setup is hard, maintenance on stable is hassle-free, maintenance on testing can vary between just fine to ""oops looks like this package just broke, time to hop on the bugtracker""; I'd still take it over the AUR any day though Still better than debian unstable, which recently broke their x11 input drivers during a transition that took a few days - that's when i decided to install arch over a debian unstable install"
And then me
WE dont know his intent!
Lucid will be a little more overstable and hold the stability a little longer.
As is tradition.
"He's in Seattle, in the egg."
Stop patting each other on the back!
"I'm just here to say, ""Go Big Blue!"""
I'll pass up on the Sol pick...
"He is, he has talked about it."
"Surprise, we're a bunch of gay men!"
I'll take the down vote to mean its not possible?
Controversial but I'm gonna stick a fiver on us not leaving after a major stand off and climb down by both the UK and the EU and we all agree never to talk about it again
"Lol, i like how they think these long term outlooks based on short term trends mean anything."
I can't tell if you're kidding.
Not his imba-OSB?
I honestly fear that we will see some sort of a civil war in the United States a decade from now.
So many oppression points!
"EDIT : Update, they are allowing the notes to be accepted till tomorrow, but with a rider - this money cannot be refunded, and max upto 3000 (Though why would anyone want to deposit 3K is beyond me - since 45 trip pass is 950 INR)"
That's why it has so many upvotes..
Know thy enemy's weakness and strike them at the heart.
Femthor?
Didn't know that lore was now used as ammo for cannons.
White people don't get offended because there are no truly dehumanizing stereotypes for white people.
"Sweet, I can stop waiting for pedestrians then!"
"thedonald told me 50 or so, I'm sticking with it."
Homo Genius material here.
I don't think you get the defenition of a piano roll.
Sorry that your sorry
"Humans are just numbers, everything is binary, there is no room for emotion in human politics, only cold ruthless logic"
Opposition in all things.
"Great, I'm so happy I moved from my amazing apartment on California and Oak Knoll"
"BF1 has a different (better) dmg model on HC its 125% dmg from bullets, 100% vehicles and explosions While BF4 was 60HP meaning a super low TTK"
newer rolls royce
Wut....
Journalism died when newspapers died.
Hello fellow CBus poster.
"If they are, someone missed notifying me."
Some people never see the world around them let alone the people.
Ayy
"Fun fact, while filming The Lord of the Rings, Christopher Lee advised Peter Jackson on the exact sound someone makes when they get stabbed in the kidney, as he had done that as a commando in WWII"
"How dare someone try to be successful by being highly educated, hardworking, and a leader when they're not white!"
Jerkface Pints: Served dressed with salt.
"Scientists are so arrogant, thinking they have all the answers."
Don't worry BRO the ref was WRONG
You haven't Googled it well enough.
"Now put three powerful magnets in its feet, and one giant magnet in the center of its base, so it can levitate!"
Do your parents still do your paper work for you though?
Check your privilege you cis gender bi-pedal male genitalia possessor.
"Sorry, I'm trying to put all the pieces together, but it sounds like the biggest question is whether Trump received this information directly from the people who are doctoring emails and trying to influence the election, or whether his campaign people are so stupid that they actually used Sputnik as a source to give him information and he didn't check?"
"good, keep in line, and back to the herd ;)"
Nobody wanted it anyway
Annie: Everyone loves you.
It means that every 11 characters should be an SSR
Eli is too volatile to lead the Giants to the playoffs.
Good solution!
You just don't understand how precious internet points are
"Hey, that ruse got them US money, now it's UK's turn."
...and in Tacoma an Apartment can still be found for around $500 that is a block away from an express bus into Seattle.
That's some quality reporting there.
It's hard to survive more than a few battles anyway so you'll be able to switch songs often enough.
@luxeluce00 @oldmanalan @bestfitsdaily @POVoutfit @minimalmovement @outfitsociety @brandontfaber @amorin4122 @carlkho @dennistodisco @_chefsupreme @outfittoss @jonlaflare @outfitgrid @outfitplace @__rrxii @whitecement @kickstq @mattshiho
I approve this message
That's because Biden debated Palin
"Wow, I bet you fit in well here."
I remember Romney saying this exact thing ~4 years ago and everybody called him crazy for it.
Well you guys can't have the teams AND the casters
i think the teeths are a little bit far from the mouth
"I assume you get paid, what is the money like?"
"You mean I shouldn't have been using ""his's"", ""hers's"", ""yours's"" and ""mine's"" all this time?"
But I thought Apple had completely abandoned the pro market and all us of us at r/apple were switching to the Surface Desk so we can draw squiggly lines with our hands
Waiting till after the finals leaves no room for these kinds of posts tho
Kicked his first ever FG to win the game.
is there a difference?
"Whenever you say this title, you're obligated to pause between ""Ventura"" and ""Pet"""
you're welcome :-Z
People have to be mad because remastering doesn't take time to do and they should just have given them everything at once
Perhaps Georgia is the only state doing it correctly
Well obviously you're an idiot because you didn't see the value in what they had.
Yeah
But then what would I do with all my Isenfyre Tokens....
I don't think you would notice it with the context haha
You sound like mehdi himself
"BECAUSE the article is in the SF Chronicle, of course."
"Realized he was still on the Braves when he broke his ankle, but I left up the video anyway."
You are missing
right... I must of forgot to put
when chapter tho
"we have to have 10x the military capacity of the rest of the world see, no fucking need for healthcare and education"
"We have the best governors, don't we folks?"
Burglars have sued in the past for damage they incurred while breaking in (I think one of the more famous cases dealt with a burglar falling through a skylight).
Please tell me you forgot the
*Nightcore starts playing*
The canon star platinum is totally moe though.
"nah, he ded"
"You can't a have a pole if the Earth's flat, duh"
"Damn, you could've got sent to federal prison!"
"Oh, then it's completely fine for everybody."
"Very clever, well done!"
He is an amazing OOP running back in Madden outside of the ghosts has highest speed of any running back.
But don't you know they were meant to have lots of children?
A (Swedish) friend of mine shares articles from this blog all the time but she's a really nice person irl so I just turn a blind eye
Which prospects are you sending with him?
It could have been 17
Tin foil hats!
"My heart breaks a little everytime I throw a portal to escape and expect to see my allies follow after me, but instead they get collapsed on and die as they try as best they can to waddle under the tower..."
Awesome!
Cleanest NA Lucian in the world?
"Take the liberalism off of that statement, and you're pretty much right."
"I don't know, his contact just vested a few weeks ago."
"Sorry, forgot the"
B-b-but Emily Rogers says they are ahead of schedule!
Price is a bust
Yeah but hes a blue so he's automatically worse
"TIL: I can live forever off of heroin, as long as I stay away from the booze."
"so every time it makes a turn, the heli would lift the back end to avoid running on pedestrians or right hooking cyclists"
Lol yeah that's obviously the issue
But the hype has died down considerably!
"I'm in Florida too, you don't need to have a safe car, no annual inspections!"
Health only matters if you're talking about Trump everyone knows that
"There have been several reports of one, I can't check because I'm away from the DS right now."
"See, this is why we need to ban the marijuanas!"
Why not both?
Yet another reason all those burdensome 'regulations' just get in the way!
I think he missed the
"Except for F-Zero, we need a new gimmick that fits first."
Just put on 2 plus a vaginal condom for good measure
*Well here we are again* *It's always such a pleasure*
"Yeah, 4 guys who at this point are probably as good at combat as high ranking special forces armed to the fucking teeth and in heavy armor is totally necessary for bashing up a few stores"
Yeah romantic relationships b/w friends is something unheard of
"I know this is going to get lost is all of the posts, but all I really want from this personally, as a gold adc main, is a way to practice last hitting minions at level 1"
"Found On Road Dead, yep, I'd disown you too."
"i know that, guess i should've used a"
You forgot this
"Old German saying; ""We are the brave Italians, our country is getting smaller"""
are you autistic
I imagine this would have been subject to FOIA requests even if they didn't voluntarily release it?
It's all a very bland plot by Gore to get rich.
"She's a good example for her kids, she really deserve their custody."
"Wow Grosjean has put on a lot of weight, or it may just be the shirt!"
Too bad the original 3ds' hardware isn't powerful enough to handle earthbound
TIL panic attacks are the same thing as kind of crying.
But how else will the get the back draft dodger achievement
"Yup, that's inacceptable, they are called ""great Germanic people of the great empire"""
Their clearly celebrating Hosni's son and the Muslim Brotherhood!
This is real time.
And every bit deserved.
"Right, he should have dropped that bitch!"
With modern cars that is built into the car/added via bluetooth with apple carplay
One upvote= 1 joule
Bias against the PAC 12 Bias for the SEC What gives?
"You always want to start, and go first."
Perfect ending would have been the teachers giving the girl a Darth Vader helmet.
"It couldn't possibly be the third option, thats never happened before"
Well luckily they aren't blatantly picking sides and engaging in divisive rhetoric and hyperbole
tl;dr try paragraphs and formatting
wayyyy too early for that.... suspect he will be running for something else :D
Guess we can count this day as something else he missed.
It's a direct use of your supposition.
plz no
Iwobi might be playing better but Walcott will get the results popping up around the box whereas iwobi will be creating the chances
"I read that middle part as 'cis cum' privilege, and died laughing."
"The ""racists"" apparently."
somewhere on the big highway running through the map
You can just write stuff like that without showing examples man :(
He probably stole it from Marla Maples
Not much media.
Jacob's Ladder Prince of Darkness The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974 original &amp; 2003 remake)
It takes two for pound town.
"South Carolina, a pretty big and nice house unless you're in the middle of a city or tourist area (Charleston, Myrtle Beach, Columbia, etc.)"
Yeah I don't know what election you were watching but the one I just witnessed never could of ended with us all holding hands regardless of who won.
"Listen to your arse, when he's calling for you - Roxette You're my arse, you're my soul - Modern Talking Centre of the arse - Roxette My arse will go on - Celine Dion The arse wants what it wants - Selena Gomez"
That sounds dirty
Assange has lost all credibility.
Let's just say people don't approve of wearing other people's skin
"Alternate caption: ""FUCK ZIPPERS"""
"On the other hand, most religious people belong to two religions that agree on virtually nothing, except that it's all the Jews' fault."
"Yeah, lol I should have put in ""multiplied by 3"" or something"
I did
"Nah man, every cat is a dick, didn't you know?"
LETS HAVE A CHRISTMAS PARTY BITCHES
"Congratulations, you've just downloaded Forza Horizon 9!"
The NSA sure is taking data mining seriously these days
"Bhagwati has a bigger reputation, by far."
"If the consolidated loan is a lower interest rate than where the debt is currently, then it's a good idea."
And a pole i heard she ugly
Nooooo Hillary can't do anything wrong because she's a democrat
What does the LLC's Operating Agreement say?
Bad Company 2.
Indeed.
"He has a ""nonpareil intellect"", yet he's a furry and an anarchist?"
"Bruh, even if the Raptors went 63-19 and Deroxan averaged 30, he still wouldn't win MVP."
he usually is on ST for placekicks.
Thats just a sad way to look at people.
Florentino doing work
mmmmmmmm I love me a spicy maymay.
"The ancient men were created in a lab in Africa by the Annunaki and later brought to the ""Eden"", the Annunaki base in Summer, get your facts straight boy"
We traded away our 4th pick in the 2018 Superdraft for DCU's 4th pick in the 2019 Superdraft and Aguilar's rights.
They probably listened to Korn on set and figured they would get all Nu Metal fans in on the movie
"Well, bless your heart :)"
"This right here, destroy the Democrats and let the Republicans splinter into Libertarian/Religious/Nationalist parties afterwards if we need more than one party."
"Damn, those halcyon days when I thought Kony was as evil as it gets."
"That's not a goof, he's exactly where he belongs."
Well thankfully our politics isn't descending into then endless blaming of the other side...
5.1... I cant figure it out.
"I would imagine that there are spirit dinners you could attend... blood, semen, breastmilk..... plenty of protein!"
"Gore clearly still has the choice necessary, yeah he isn't going to pull out a 90 yard TD run, but you don't need that shit if your Oline has chemistry and can run block well, alongside with good play calling."
You're hilarious.
"Alright guys, no woman president, back to rampant sexism, burn the whore."
So definitely squid then?
One day they'll hook it up with some face recognition software so it can play the last time a specific person was there
so is it even possible to beat a world boss on a pvp server as a melee or do you just continously die from aoe?
I don't think we have the personnel to beat them at that game tonight.
"I still think that it was the immense crowds that scared Shil and her posse, thus the ""he draws a bunch of hippies and kids who don't vote"" talking point."
Dattebayo!
Caused by realising the enormity of the stupid decision made in a binary referendum on a multifaceted issue.
This captures my feelings about this perfectly
"Really, I guess you missed the gigantic thread about 22 Minutes horrible attempt at humour?"
Of course I am serious.
"HEY NOW, OUR SHEEP HAVE HIGH DENTAL STANDARDS"
"Don't you think they would pay another 5$ more and still ruin the game, they are already paying 20$ and 30$."
"Bought last night, sold at 6.26 get at me fag"
"Yep, that's the thing to take away"
"I don't blame you for taking advantage of the program, but Jump sounds like the worst example of shallow consumerism I've ever seen in the industry!"
"Shit son, Michael was a great boss."
Looks like a Chevy Trailblazer
White Power!
Bye!
Mirror's Edge 3 beta?
You use e then flash it's not hard to do after you practice it like 5 times
requesting AMA!
You're a good soul
Quanto volevano?
I'm not sure your reply and the rest is enough I need a couple more comments telling me no.
"This isn't related to overwatch, but they changed the formula so scores are higher."
mutilated cocks How about you check your foreskin privilege.
Yeah it's really bad for the best WRs when your team is forced to throw continuously because you're down a bunch (due to your defense giving up scores) and they basically have to throw it and not run it.
That's the elitist part
This guy gets it
Do you read manga?
FUNNY LOOKING MAYBE hahaha /dadjokes
Shikhar Dhawan played awfully in only one inning in WI.
oh shit that's all of this sub
Link to the interview please
This reminds me of my wife... she's obsessed with wrapping like this all the time...
"Nah, MAF and Halak are entirely too close to say that Mase stands alone lol"
Witcher 3 not being called the greatest game of all time
"I have one Immolation Liquidation, I would want more for Revelations when it comes out."
Tijd voor een nieuwe splinter partij!
You mean the 1.73-9s?
Where is Assange?
I'd rather die.
Because I hate my sisters husband and she's being a poopy face
It's called laundering money
"Oh, but according to other people in this thread, it's totally fine that that's happening right now because America once had slavery, too."
PUT DOWN THE FUCKING ARMOR
"pls no ive been fishing for ashbringer hidden skin, l cant take anymore"
"anch'io, pensavo ad un eufemismo per indicare un criceto o qualcosa del genere"
"yeah, the unreasoning bias against strychnine in this sub is pretty hypocritical"
"Yes, they should not be in school"
Had to check Scottgames
....but they were being annoying
"I live in Sweden, have a downvote"
And invest heavily in the o-line.
Relax we're still in beta
increase its cooldown to make it feel more impactful
This...this is art.
"Ok then, Norman..."
This means great things for Samsung's brand image
"Thanks for the heads up, I also have a 1512+ but running SHR and no expansion bay, I will hold off from this update."
"I seriously doubt a Saudi prince has 1 ""wife""."
"that was really insightful, thank you!"
"As a software engineer, that hurts a little."
My kid
So *that's* what runner's high is.
"Lol you said look at the trend, I did - down down down"
What a well thought out and reasoned response.
Because fuck the people the people of that state who voted?
Isles are horrible?
we've dealt with similar pains the last two seasons
yeah and vincent van gogh paints like a two year old
How much work can you do in idle mode my dude...
"Do you have any recommendations for a burial mound, oh I mean glacial drumlin where I can go digging?"
"Because then you're a ""taker"" instead of a maker....clearly."
"Yeah, but a ""devilish sacrifice"" was mentioned in the Totland Chapter and Jaji's helmet and nose totally form the Sacrificial Brand, so this is legit."
Damn sheeple
For some people maybe that signals reaching across the aisle
Muh thin pizza.
But everyone who views that life as anything less than sunshine and rainbows must have something wrong with them!
Ur 13 go to bed
is that the kid from Stranger Things?
Stale memes ^
"Yes, do all of your security stuff on the front-end, no need for server-side validation!"
"I get what you mean, I used to be vegetarian until I found out that it associated me with Hitler!"
We're keeping the real lyrics a secret
Isn't full tuition crazy cheap though?
Next part: Sammy beats the shit out of the brother
"Sorry, LTE?"
To think you could be SEOing that for profit all this time!
"Ehh...I'd go 8 feet, maybe 8 1/2 tops."
I just want this farce with Punk to be over with.
I was leveling there too but there is this lvl 70 bot that kills everything lately and that's why I want to look for something better now haha
Your forgot about ballsack sweat and smegma!
"Then it makes sense, the post doesn't make that apparent though."
Any other remedies that doesn't involve death?
What a strange melting pattern around the body...
Probably... that or people just don't like me... either way
"Wait, I thought everyone was going to abandoning the iPhone in droves because they took out the headphone jack?"
Mignolet should be saving that
Add me pls
Hey its me ur brother
Is he cheating?
I find the glow from bald men's heads distracting - so do they have to remove their heads?
I'm sure she would have done the same to Hillary.
I'm pretty sure they're not locals.
"Yeah but 2014-15 was an outlier, we can't be sure if he's the real deal"
"im glad vp won, would have been weird seeing both c9 and dignitas in a final"
"no see it's supposed to be near Forest, Germany the town"
Yeah man I specifically said that.
His name is Robert Paulson.
Disagreeing with women is abuse.
It changed when they added the 0 to 60 launch
you seem to know a lol about what you're sayin
We don't need the Rays' help to beat the Rays.
It's a Russian plot to make the US look like it's trying to frame Assange!
wow maad social skills there fam
"Lowest amount of atk, the only deck that doesn't give it to the opponent all that often is a dedicated kaiju deck, because giving your opponent infinite solemns isn't a good idea."
+
You dropped this:
Is Deadpool a villain?
I plan to doxx exerything.. what a hero
I was referencing bigotry in general.
Nobody - wake up and smell the millennium
But will the Nexus community continue to support Google?
"If she's doesn't keep kosher, sure, otherwise amazon or iTunes."
He could be rehabilitated.
broomie1234
What's your rating?
"Oh, i member!"
"Paid for by the liberal media, obviously."
"oops, guess my ultrawide monitor isn't showing a wide enough shot."
I'm sure sending the message that getting preteens into pole dancing to chase their dreams is a positive one.
"Meine Frage war keine propagandistische Gegentaktik, sondern ein Versuch den Kern der Debatte zu verstehen."
Blitz!
Omg I did not expect this response
"Nice fupa, sucks I don't have snapchat ;("
Triggered
Well this just confirmed you're just completely terrible.
I didn't find Modern Times creepy at all!
He's a fraud!
"I'm just saying, only one of them won a ROY award."
"I had TWC for 5 years with great speeds and no data caps and now that Charter bought them, I hope to god Charter doesn't decide to implement caps anytime soon."
Performance Runners-up: Broken pubs w/no autobalance or scramble and long wait times Hackers Minor game balance issues Artstyle clutter
Plot twist: that sponge is a dude.
What I want to know is why every game copies Dota rather than copying League of Legends as LoL is far more popular.
Are you... is this... what is happening... Look INSIDE the box.
40dpi?
"If it's in an office, there might be some sort of service level."
"The mind says no, but the body says yes"
That's what you get for trying to buy stolen keys
"Those random ""environmental"" gas attacks could only distort your vision without damaging you, so there won't be any complaints about dying for something random."
Are you even old enough to vote?
Suburban Sprawl Hell.
This entire thread is making my front teeth hurt :/
#**M A R S H T O M P**
"Nice try, Ken Bone."
All at once.
"And yet, here you are, on a web site that does not look even remotely native."
Auto federatio.
"Checkmate, atheists."
Voattted
... One job Lootcrate
Latest one available on BigBoss repo.
The Fury Nitro that's on sale a lot lately is (2) 8-pin connectors
that's a strange way to spell iroha.
Very much doubt it
"Use the debug menu to add science, and use it to finish the tech tree."
Oh yea
Do you mean sit ups?
"HFA sure, that's up in the air, but I personally don't see us picking up 2 games on them in the last 4."
"Ctrl+A+Delete does the same thing, especially with ctrl+S."
"This made me laugh, more because its exactly the type of thing I would say."
Busts is 2 and the last 2 are from Deshret.
Bottlecaps is all you really need.
KenM needs to take notes from this guy
Can heavily depend on the place doing it.
Piss all over the floor by the urinal when you go to a bar.
I didn't see that one coming.
"Again, you are spouting nothing but nonsensical made up nonsense to vainly try to justify your little opinion."
"god fucking dammit... Im tryna save money for a 1070....FUCK IT, STANDBY FOR TITANFALL"
I did shit myself
Given your command of the English language I'm inclined to take your opinion *very* seriously.
"Transferred to UBC last September, still haven't been able to take a CS class, I feel very unmotivated these days"
"as of January 2017, **full gold refunds**(minus discounts) are back, with the caveat that all bundles can only be purchased ONCE :)"
K
TIL ~~the Zodiac Killer~~ Ted Cruz moonlights as a cheerleader.
"It's got a carb on it, the air filter case showed up cracked... Waiting for another one to get off the boat."
Shill!
That's HenryG..
I remember seeing shit like this about the Clintons before Obama was nominated.
"Mom, I only lied to you to get you off my case after you wouldn't accept the honest answer."
A baseball Terra seems awesome.
- Take the offer - Profit - Collect information - Sell information - Profit again
Her energy is getting nerfed - less energy from shields and increased energy decay.
Post-war is a crazy thing for a nation.
Plot twist: he kneels at the 1 yd line as the clock hits 0 to lost 31-27
The best part of this joke was it took a second for the double entendre to sink in.
Don't rob facts from QI that's not aloud
You showed them!
She doesn't look like an eldritch horror to me
You're in the top 0.1% if you have girls messaging you with something first
"No way, he wears only mini kilts."
So glad I make the gamble ans sold all my Hillary stocks to invest in more Trump when the polls were going on.
Congratulations and your one lucky guy to not have hell cast upon you !
Once again I'm proven right that Trump supporters are nothing more then terrorists.
SKEEZ DROP THAT PUSSY BITCH INTO A DICK
Caitlyn Jenner is stunning and brave.
Yikes
"A global, long-lasting one."
because it feeds into the narrative that BN wants ppl to hear and fear DAP.
whats really embarrasing is how payet is cheaper than messi
Why do you microwave pee?
The Wheells on the bus gonround and round.
You're paying a hundred times more to keep people in jail than for an overdose.
"It only needs to be one atom thinner so that they can call it thinner so really could have made it ""thinner"" and then put more batter in it stilll."
But but but it's racist.
*I DIDNT EVEN KNOW THESE WERE COMING OUT* BIG HERO 6 AAAAHHHHH I love it
being an immigrant in american
"They are hillary supporters, that's what."
The one on the right or the one on the left?
What's with Huffington post and muslins ?
Or maybe they have seen what happened at the BBC.
I don't think you've ever seen triple F's... There's definitely some padding in there though
I'd say more like buddies.
Isn't that why Sarah Palin was so successful as VP?
This generation's Blade Runner will be Blade Runner 2049.
"Never had the same experience from shrooms, and I've done them many times."
Amen
"Well even if it was a bandiad and they had to load a psudo-game engine up to do the customization, it should be easy to just have a small map load in at the same time and you can click to spawn into it from the customization menu."
Gotta love when people bring irrelevant insults into a basketball discussion
"Well then stop having opinions, jeez."
"I'll uh try, it might take awhile given the randomness of crate givings."
"Half the person only needs a personal bubble of 1/2 the radius, right?"
Season 2.
Sources?
"Not his flag Not his field Not his problem *BUT* It is his flag, and he respects it It is his field, he fought for it That makes this his problem, so he fixed it MAGA"
It kinda does seem like it
"We won't have free speech, but at least we will have all of those great coal jobs back."
You are assuming it would do damage just like big blockers assume it would not.
Nah it's a basketball team
Dropped the
Lets be friends
You should of not have be
"Solid advice there, champ."
build loads of software that only you know about
"I'm currently looking for a Prism Scale, you don't happen to have one?"
"Yes, there are actually assholes everywhere, not just in CR."
Gay~
*cries*
apparently the Devs are putting in some extra credit by patching in lots of stuff for free
Bring on Petrino!
Don't know how wholesome it is to imply street harassment is in any way cute or positive.
See if i did that my mom or dad would've individually asked everyone if they wanted taco bell and thwart my diabolical taco needs
No it's perfectly normal to leave the seal broken after official maintenance
You get nothing
oh no the world is going TO END!
Lol Alex is a loser
"Yeah, the guy running all college scouting under Baalke for the 2012 draft will turn us around."
Make noise when they yawn.
Yea I was disappointed we couldn't have a zap vs barra izanami vs jing Wei and I thought it was a conspiracy that they buffed Scylla right before the best went to lan
So basically your only criticism is that it's a mobile game?
Same thing
1 Islamisierung findet nicht statt!
black comedy = stealing my jokes
China has been doing noncompetitive shit since forever and no one bats an eye.
What if it's jill
"Just put Cravens on the line, that kid can play anywhere!"
"We have the best speaking style, don't we folks?"
Just a couple of individuals then.....
"Glad we have a new president, I was really getting tired of this economic stagnation"
I like the sprinkling of backhanded compliments he added.
"I see, carry on then\^\^"
"Yeah Al-Qaeda ""Army of Jihad"" were the good guys protecting civilians in Aleppo, how dare Russia and Syria remove them"
Mine wouldn't touch the TP.
hey its me ur unborn chlid
Support the DPRK's racial purity you dang racist!
"I read this a ""Thanks for the free boat Biotechs!"
Life sentences for people who at the time of their crime (any crime) couldn't even sign a document or provide consent is utterly inhumane.
"Formatting only works in the body, same as tagging a user or sub."
Pangy is the team apparently
But are you sure we can't catch stupidity from breathing the air.
I think you forgot this
Iedereen weet toch dat cultuur een linkse hobby is.
How long have you been using kratom daily?
Happy anniversary!
You dropped this:
Forgot the
It's time to stop.
"They should announce the release of a sequel to Groundhogs Day, then just rescreen the exact same version."
Texas is back folks
Why not a 390?
"It does to many voters, and that should matter."
You believe the cross-section of America she is referring to will be motivated to be more tolerant based on shame?
Is this in preparation for a Josh Sitton contract?
hopefully by the time he gets injured ive won my league
Who cares about people's right to self-determination as long as they are voting for me?
"Lmao so anybody who downvotes this stupid post isn't a decent person, makes perfect sense"
HA HA HA HA!
"Jon 'Stewart' Leibowitz, such an unbiased person...."
"Right, because you honor the dead by not trying to find out why they were killed."
Then why doesn't he have the best stats
yes the shield breaks so you have to get a new shield every 10 seconds which is why this strat is so effective
Is it faster?
They give you $0.50 when you purchase the game
All good as long there aren't boobies
"yes, we need a safe space here"
"If you were using Allo, you could express your disappointment by using LARGE text."
Part of me thinks this kind of bait and switch would actually work and we should do it but part of me thinks oil on Mars (even if it were real) wouldn't matter unless there were brown aliens to nuke freedom into.
Following things without questioning them always leads to great things.
Duh it's the *cough* *cough* mentioned in *cough* that makes them immune to radiation.
He didn't... he took mollies
"Phew, thank fuck we never have to worry about that ever again."
Never knew mega man had a stand
no fnatic no eu
You sound like a fun person to be friends with
"Noooo, I'd by feminine products for a male!"
I mean if feel like this is the same as Bill Wurtz's Japan video.
Okay but like imagine you're putting the second to last hole in but you put the slightest bit too much pressure on the shell and BAM your art piece is destroyed.
"Yeah, weed legalization is way more important than the prevention of private prisons, or the TPP, or any of the other things that Gary Johnson might not fight for."
BROOOOOOOOOOOOOCKKKKK LEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
"Totally rational summation, right here."
I was wondering why your mother would bite your dog's face before I realised I had it very wrong.
We have them in Minnesota'
With that sweet TI money he can now afford the nicest wifu pillow money can buy
wow such a huge fine for them
"Donte, yes."
"it's enriching our culture, educate yourself"
"Those guns are certainly longer than 15 inches, or that's the tiniest warship I've ever seen!"
This isn't a passive aggressive post at all.
"It's not a legitimate 1G because Taric isn't Summit, duh"
Yeah honestly its a fucking shame that people in dia play for fun how can these ignorant assholes do that
THEY GO LOW WE GO HIGH
Everything is a give and take
Well you sound like a fantastic parent.
"Yea, because a bug on YOUR PC is THEM scamming you."
0/10: he missed the first catch in his mouth
"Of course, thats why it says trump is 25% more popular than Obama."
That one always stings the most.
Or they're both crooked and full of shit.
"She should resign, the slut."
Kabuto was the last one for which I acquired enough Candy to evolve.
Spanish Prisoner with Steve Martin
He always looks either angry or happy.
that build is shite tbh after fervor changes
Hugo Boss?
Put them in a binder and keep it under your bed for safekeeping
You're grossing me out with your justification for your nasteh habits.
Most of Nightcrawler.
Please ensure this orange turd loses come 11/8.
Can't complain about that!
Obviously a false flag.
Alberta Einstein
Sure would help with unemployment and overpopulation.
I'm going guess the US is not one of these countries with good consumer protection laws...
"Keep it up, man."
I guffawed.
Cus league of legends is life
"Yeah, I don't really understand how this earnings call differs much from their quarterly deliveries announcement (aside from just talking in raw $ amounts)"
Vengeance is so much better for leveling.
Hell hath no fury like a spurned wannabe VP
I CARE NOT
"Fire sale, and 'Near Death Experience' We all went down in the teleporting glitch to the boss fight, and would be ducked without this amazing GG"
"Oh, fuck you"
"I just can't decide, but I think the cards winning might be a little better."
"Sure, but at that point you'll have more immediate problems like losing all your bank accounts."
What is frame ?
"Not only our gov't, but our Justice dept, essentially the heart of our Democracy."
0/10 No BAWHN BAWHN
"Bun, TWO 60 day aged chuck and short rib patties, mozzarella and treacle cured bacon."
Can we just get it to replace Phantom Menace instead?
This is literally the only subreddit I've seen where people are making this excuse.
xD
"reminds me of japans bullet trains but I wonder, with the US's not-so-flat-terrain, it would cost too much"
"Or his mafia ties, or his lies, or Trump University, or his ties to Putin, or his bankruptcies, or his modeling agency violating immigration and employment rules, or his hiring of illegal immigrants, or his failures to pay subcontractors, or ......"
"Target date is January 29, but I could see it happening earlier with all of the recent early approvals going on."
"Although Otto should have fought harder on some screens, I think Gortat really needs to work on defending smaller players"
"I dunno, Krissie could do it in 2 minutes this time"
"You woulda thought, but at this rate he ain't gonna make it to Thursday, and he's out of spare quarters to re-up."
"No need to look any farther Even if God did it, the how would still be under consideration."
Cat.
"Youtubers, take note."
"Kemba Walker, Kobe Bryant, LeBron, Durant, Westbrook, Harden."
But that increases the chance of it become a poo.
Blanket statement
Like own of those fluffy rapper ones?
Thanks you just made me list my bike so I can get a dual sport.
"Notice how the user is a year old, has barely any posts and very few comments, it's probably a purchased account."
"It was because they took a wrong turn which led them to the assassin (who had actually given up and gone for a sandwich) and by the time they realised they went the wrong way, and tried to turn around, Franz was ded."
Na ja der Mindestlohn ist nur renatbel wann die Wirtschaft gut ist
i think they just forgot to turn it on at this point now
You forgot the
Fucking lieberman.
"Hey, it's that niggerguy!"
more like the inescapable scars of humiliating social interactions
"Thanks for the suggestion, I just so happened to order a Blue Yeti yesterday, trying to get away from gaming headsets asap."
izi quests 4Head
Yeah religions are a weird thing.
"He also didn't pull the troops out of Iraq until 2012 and Afghanistan until 2015, which is akin to sending them in the first place."
A lot of these ISIS guys seem to have surnames starting with 'Al-'.
"Yeah, but if you're state side, she is probably brought up more over here than across the pond."
and all of the other prizes with millions of dollars in rewards.
Because nothing bad has ever happens strolling into the unknown.
I don't recommend touching it.
No
"I wonder if a Tumbelrina's ass gets very raw, given how often they pull shit out if it."
"Well in that case, prepare the pitchforks."
**MY**
When do you take a bork and when do you go gunblade usually?
"Yeah sure, freshen that asshole up OP"
"OK, Too monochromatic."
"if you tried to walk 4 light years, it would take you around 900 million years to get there."
Oh no how dare someone pay the posted price for something
scaboon
"Haha one of my buddies in our group text asked the other day ""what's up with all these man buns?"""
That describes me perfectly
Nothing like a 10ozt carry piece!
#NO HUMAN IS ILLEGAL REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I'd vote for a rat over either of the corporate sponsored choices.
Are you nofap?
Luke Walton top 3 coach in the nba right now
First thing I thought of was Skyrim too
And GMS will get 1/10th of whatever is in this coin shop
"If you've got nothing to hide, you shouldn't worry about us looking over your shoulder at your browsing habits."
"So it's like Tinder, but with a much smaller predicted user count."
DIGIMON DIGITAL MONSTERS
They might be deleted or changed to have a % higher steal rate or something like that
i don't trust these hoes...
"it always this way, if we arent up by 2 touchdowns, we are losing"
I got one today too.
Oh yeah youre going to want on of these:
... for revenge!
dude you wouldn't have let colour movies happen lmao
America's wang
Someone doesn't have prime matchmaking
Absolutely.
RIP the next couple hundred hours of your life.
Everything cinnamon-related.
The cops have been playing the order game forever; it's a major paradigm for their small world.
"You are correct, she has told me her preferred pronoun is ""Meow"" which we all know is female."
Yeah it's called washing clothing/fabric after you use it.
It's honestly not very common.
"Yeah, you'll fall victim to the hyperinflation and ascend into the sky."
I'm Fucking AWAKE!
"A country needs to cleanse itself in order to be pure and successful.. China did it, the US did it, the UK did it, Japan did it, Korea did it, Germany did it, Russia, well the Mongols did it for them.."
And this would be why I would honk as well
NOOOOPE
"Clearly this is a scripted event with hired actors by President-Elect Trump just so he can push his ""no gun free zone"" agenda."
Heck Yeah!
Coffee date?
Learn to play you didn't kill the zarya with your ult
But I love to wear chains and get whipped and starve...
Human flesh!
"Speaking of which, has Sweden already condemned Norway in the Nordic Council for 'acts against humanity'?"
Great drawing of a solid surreal scene!
"Its first words were ""-A...ama... amazon""."
Yeah good thing DET is killing it this year
There are tons of apps that track food truck locations.
"Mechanical Turk, clearly."
Sign me up comrade
So the doctor should work for free because he can't afford insurance?
"But he said he knows a cop, that's totally legit."
Didn't he know he had places to goto?
That's all huh 30 acres piece of cake!
A hackable robot army with nuclear capability is just what we need.
Because reality has a liberal bias obviously
"You have a valid point, but you MAY have missed the picture of a pepper that was cut open with a TINY pepper inside!"
"if its straight from hota it will replace items, but its not, really what so bad about talent?"
r/iamverysmart
No shit
Blizzard takes that kind of shit seriously for liability reasons.
Truth ain't always pretty.
Who is available that warrants dropping either of those two?
Black Mage is 10/10 would wear on a shirt.
"it's healthier, I'm building up my immune system"
No obviously she is prolonging the match because survivors HAVE to get the the hex totem before they work on gens
"Come on, everybody knows the whole reason the economy is in the dumps is because Obama hates businesses, so these companies like Exxon can't afford to hire anybody."
The power of the market research group.
He's got an R next to his name so it's cool
I just wish rnc/trump emails got leaked those would have been must read
Because it has RIFLE in the name!
But.. I was told that t_d doesn't leak.
RGB crapper
Organ harvesting for the Chinese Government with the occasional killsquad stint in the Philippines.
"I feel you, Obama."
"Right, I mean, the Government sells me alcohol and gave me a Driver's license, so they are basically endorsing drinking and driving right?"
Probably meant more towards timezones.
Misunderstood lone wolf corrupted by western decadence.
"Actually, that would be AWESOME, especially for skateboarding, one shoe always wears out before the other!"
Please let me know if you find anything; I'm going to keep up the Google-fu.
I don't think a few games is enough of a sample size per se I use the spitfire for a few games and do extremely well with it so it needs a nerf
Skin by Flume just because people don't automatically recognize it as the GOAT.
"Armed Cops could scare those poor terrorists, and they wouldn't wanna do that after getting Them in."
Yes.
You're telling me you're bored of flipp vs kycse?
"USB stick works, but I prefer using SSH."
As ADC u had to deal with autofilled supports like he was
[Text here]
"I think they call them tourists, damn bastards taking all the good fruit picking and dish washing jobs!"
Hockey slang for a player with frequent bad luck or just the inability to finish scoring chances.
It's intolerant of intolerance.
Losing games for lul is clearly fun for most of people.
"The fucker even had a Koran, how much more unamerican can you get?"
These actions are too late.
Wtf that sample size is too low
But it's based on performance!
Pretty sure this is a well established and known theory
I thought he always made EE videos
Ya Its on twitter
"I don't know about the BR discs, but I'd guess they are, but the downloadable games are definitely region locked, read a thread recently that shows how to work around it (a bit complex, but doable)."
Not nearly enough compared to Clinton.
"The electorate will stand for it as long as the media is in her pocket and elections are using Diebold voting machines, while she has a bunch of Diebold executives in her cabinet."
yeah you're right it was pretty shitty
It's a little more than just 'big'
"Not just games, 30 Days RMA is pretty much standard for anything you buy, even online."
"You can hear ""I am a body-double"" if you play her speeches backward."
"I didn't even play very long, considering its lifespan (I played for 2 years consistently, another year on and off after that), but it's definitely these kinds of events and happenings that make you want to keep coming back for more."
Except those eagles fans they're all crazy
That's just so it has lest air resistance to stab faster and do sweet tricks
"Yeah pull another pack of mobs into a boss fight, good idea."
Reported for bot farming herbs
Catholic Church doesn't count They all Satan lovers!
You forgot the
Big news in the next two minutes!
Who?
It's just disappointing to see our American coaches not wanting to test themselves in Europe against top level coaching and be open to the pressures of the truly difficult media.
"Punk kids not getting off the ice when they're supposed to, looks like we're gonna have an attitude problem."
Republicans didn't like Obama because he was black.
"No, the AC series started with AC2."
Justice.
Thats a lot of bans
Turned out great when we and Russia did it with Korea(back when there was only one Korea).
"I think SE should implement some sort of counter for ""damage taken"", so that we can see if cheaters are using the hack or not"
"I know, rotor blades have no place around children"
Shut up nerd.
so that's the super secret no one told me...
Abu Sayyaf are not criminals - Mein Fuhrer Duterte
"True, forgot the"
Because it's hurting my Samsung stock obviously.
"you don't know what a strawman is... and even if I was wrong, its not poor reading comprehension, its a lack of knowledge on the subject..."
You'd think the inventors of buttsex would be nicer to the gay community.
"Terra, la fuente de noticias mas confiable."
"No, its obviously due to slaves."
Why do you want to ruin his career that way?
"after all, he was only following orders."
"A girl in a bikini smoking, ewwwwww!"
Don't assume his gender
Wow such great advice
Less chance of injury!
"Wow, Michelle's lines certainly didn't seem fed to her at all."
a monopoly of force means nothing if you don't enforce it.
Just another vast right-wing conspiracy.
"Well, I mean.... WoW was the first MMO ever, so..."
I have done a full one before half then another half I was pretty fucked lol
"But but, beef jerky outlet store."
I'm glad there's none of that in today's society!
Surprised NikkieTutorials hasn't done a look with purple eyeshadow and a red lip and called it 'poundcake inspired'
Russians must have did it.
No but Saipan is.
tsm third best team in the world
Yeah coming from a country who fabricated and master minded the yuuuge climate change lie.
One dude in some mobile game asked me where I lived
"I've never shared anything before, so don't know how, and I'm lazy =p"
"Bret, I love you, but you need to stop!"
He also plays a prick quite well in 'Breast Men'.
And last year we had a crash.
Probably because he's not white.
maybe us and Russia are just trading gay people?
"One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer."
they'll lose in columbus
"City people don't ban anything you fucking retard, the government does."
It's half an hour of auteurist brilliance every week
Thank you for elaborating your counterposition and providing your arguments and evidence where the author's description diverges from your perception.
Suggested assassinating Hillary again
THAT SHOW LEVEL OF INCOMPETENCE DONALD TRUMP WOULD BRING TO THE TABLE
"Hah, Coptic Ottomans"
"stick with fiat, it works great."
Yes.
Bruce Wayne owns the hospitals so at least that money isn't going to batman.
Sauce?
"I remember, I had the lasagna."
Based Achte Man.
I have never laughed harder
what exactly do i do with it?
If you're from Boston it rhymes.
It didn't work out in AW because of the maps but it could work out if the maps are botg based Envyus are the best
End of Watch
"Ah man... The gif cut before the dance of lament over not backing up data.... Bollywood, you so crazy!"
Morocco and their damn caravans controlling shit again
the ad glitch thingy does get annoying sometimes
Always appreciate this meme
Unless you know something I don't isn't it Meriadoc Brandybuck?
My SO has asthma (was told less than a year ago) and sometimes she gets a case of the blues after an asthma attack because she's sad that she can't control her own breathing.
This comment reads like a poorly drawn lines comic
"They had a decent shot, then Bountygate happened"
"No there is in forum drama and actual drama, CIG wrote it into a kind of cheesy lore piece that's been written in the style of *HUNDREDS* of huffington post anti-booth babe articles etc."
Blind people have fantasies too
Love your username :)
Soon they'll be on Readit!
that crowd is huuuuuuuuuuuge
"Filthy Frenchies, should had surrendered to the Kaiserreich."
Well it worked for Jinkx
I hope OP is being sarcastic
"Given that she could justify a crack down on a largely non white underclass if social problems get worse, it probably is her goal."
I voted
Its this kind of attitude from 'intellectuals' that common people feel disenfranchised enough to vote for him.
You implied it.
Fuckin' right dickered there boys
It just followed the chicken.
"Sorry, were deporting the Mexicans if you haven't heard"
At least they aren't rioting like a group the democrats emboldened.
Make sure to go b and then do merc camps on your side of the map and absolutely not help the boss kill the core.
It costs 400 000 000$ to fire this weapon for 12 seconds.
I'll be your friend
"Piece of fruit, a granola bar and a peanut butter and honey sandwich."
"Well, it's got pixels, so it's *n*-bit where *n* is a random power of two."
if the buckeyes lost today i would have blamed lebron
yeah but you're forgetting rubio is the greatest pg to ever play the game and we have to play him 48 minutes a game
$$$ FTFY
How can anyone be decent when their past is so tainted?
Typical Valor
"Oh yeah, if there's any overriding characteristic of Donald Trump it's being level-headed and rational"
It doesn't say anywhere that this can't be turned into a triple threat match for the championship.
Like the history of Russia
Damn Trump looks really old in that screenshot.
Verdun
"I need to do this, but im also waiting for birthday money in march"
You should try a stam DK/templar maybe.
This subreddit is such a meme
"Es is a defense (same as armor and evasion), thus you can have 900 of it on a chest."
It's not racist if it targets white people
there are at least four or five genders.
android master race
"true, but then you have the question of how high your IQ must be to be human."
Just have patience and you'll get it :D
Well at least you don't have to buy him any holiday gifts now for doing that even though you knew the truth.....
Muslim secterian violence is a byproduct of american imperialism and white people
"Only thing missing was ""SWING AND A DRIVE"""
Thanks for explaining it for me!
Just gov me all your account details I can do it for you
Right to genital integrity?
The greatest.
Monte Carlo!
ok # *BIAS CONSIDERED*
"Doesn't use toilet paper, wants to tell you about cleanliness."
"Tulsi, definitely."
Yay more government dependent unskilled workers
"Mine is scuba diving, got certified with my girlfriend and we are completely hooked"
because men with emotions are fucking queers
"If Elysium is ""literally a prophecy"", should the same potentially prophetic lens be applied to all other films by the same writer(s) or were their ""powers of prophecy"" conveniently only a one-time thing?"
Which of the other games have you played through in the past?
Upvoted for correct use of affected
"As long as he puts 3 fire emojis and ""EXPOSED"" whenever he makes any diplomatic tweets, I think we're safe."
LLLol
Where did u got them?
I have faith that the Michigan Supreme Court will tell crazy plant lady to BTFO on Tuesday.
The real LPT.
"The most powerful machine Wow, Switch can play 8K games?"
Literally a first world problem.. Born from ignorance and complacency.
Rework is already planned so nerfing is pointless.
"I really appreciate the daily gut punch, thanks."
Oh nice I didn't know there are stand up albums on there!
SCOOT LEIK CLEIPPEN 2000% BOIIII
"Fortunately, this is the only fake article that's been shared on the_donald!"
Government rescue plan: create jobs by moving the reef.
"The tone went from 75% health to doomed, I wouldn't quite say tanked."
"Yeah dude, small businesses were avoiding octroi, excise and all other sorts of taxes by paying in cash."
Teach Muslims not to explode themselves
Yeah but why care about the long-term or overall effects when there's short-term personal gain to be had?
"As my time with the Rams shows, I'm loyal until the team is actively working against their fans, so I'm certain I'll always be a Cowboys fan at this point because Jerry and company actually care"
As a bisexual man people have assumed I'm straight just because I have a girlfriend... wtf?
Which holds up less in court than raw data from a breathalyzer.
"Well yeah, they better not be holding the fake one if she says no."
Want to see you crying when this will happen to you.
Yes i believe it is a chrome extension
Really tho what if all those are picked?/ what if your mains are all picked
"My favorite was the sprint cooldown one, though we didn't have to play against Thorn"
I wish a Glock would surprise me in my mailbox.
Ok thanks.
"Probably told on you too, little tattle tale"
So gadjetzan auctioneer?
Maybe it's a distraction to keep the Russian people focused on making Russia great again?
"Sorry to rain of your parade, but GPUs need to be installed horizontally unless you want portrait mode."
"But if everything is privatized, competition will increase quality!"
*Zartron-9* the planet that calvin goes to as spaceman spiff.
I dropped a
"I'm sorry but I don't vote for bad candidates, nuclear war be damned."
personally I think he could've made it edgier
If only the other movies had more Jar Jar.
^this
Kala ko ba effective yung war in drugs bat may ganito pa din
What a terribly written article.
"I like to stuff it with onions, wrap it in foil, and bake it."
Ol' Abe was one wonky looking guy.
You'd be nuts not to buy it.
Because vocal minorities on the Internet do a good job representing all of the show's viewers.
"HOW ABOUT NO, you crazy dutch bastard."
"Ye, get them back to their parents!"
"Lots of questions, idk USC just sounds like a no play until we see a little more from them"
You don't know what I do in my free time.
well it's a good thing we have a rock solid candidate like HRC that just oozes integrity and honesty.
you'll need it.
But why isn't Pulisic captain?
"that's really Ushi's responsibility, replying with ""nobody wants your stupid cheats"" isn't going to help anybody, i'm sure he recognizes them and will take care of it"
"Oh thank god, it's awesome having to rely on third party accessory makers to give us back functionality that we've had since the invention of the smartphone."
solid argument for how that wouldn't be really really funny.
"But he is our friend, he must have been drunk or something, and she was online so her obligation was to answer his messages cause that's what friends do."
"it *was* the NSA's job, but then Snowden proved them to be unreliable."
Why would they pay teams more they will just invest it into other games
Just a matter of time until s/he picks up Riven.
"Yeah, she's real goddamn hero, true patriot and model citizen."
Nah definitely Russians.
No scooters at skate park.
You're welcome
"Obviously, Totsuka."
But but what about the supposed guy in the audience that so happened to be there by chance
"No Mans Sky (recent PC/PS4 video game) - Overhyped and overpromised, look it up if you wish, quite interesting!"
"Ryze ult, just drop in the club with my friends like sup."
Such a rosy disposition!
No they just bomb soldiers fighting IS.
you clearly missed the 13 points for losing
Privatisation works
Maybe then he can see over 24 fps
If only his brother hadn't written something...
first thing that pops into my head upon reading this... they don't want the competition.
2016: Rise of the Greatest Fro on (grassy) Turf
"Didn't hear Allahu Akbar enough times, it's obviously fake."
So impressive if glaz is a bot
If only minorities could be as enlightened as white college kids...
Who?
we already got rats/cook off for that
God
Even if there was blood or bullet holes on the walls you could use r_cleardecals to remove it.
Must your iBand.
Quick warning - Clean and Clear usually doses their stuff up with a whole bunch of alchohol which can dry you out pretty bad
You ok dood?
Hey i got dis obamuh fone u dont like free stuffz?
"No man its all just latent talent Koreans are just naturally better, its not like they put in insane hours"
but your eyes cant see that many frames
I'd love to hear your take on public education and the infrastructure you apparently never use.
Yeah i'm pretty sure they wrote the script knowing it would suck
"That certainly is a possibility but doesn't fit in with the whole, ""rougher friends"" narrative"
C9 azir
"Good to know that there aren't murders, rapes, assaults, or thefts in Lake Louise."
He is clearly Mace Windu's illegitimate son
Battered Wife Syndrome.
"And the jobs created will be a wide variety or low, middle, and high skilled jobs which will easily make up the difference."
Was the bug not having Sombra in game
Because every woman's name is Hillary Clinton.
Sometimes the mixtape is so fire that everyone needs to hear it
yea you are definitely not very intelligent.
Nice seeing fellow STALKERs playing BF1
but nwdekay knows nothing about cs and just tries to be a second thorin even though everything he reports becomes true
Because who would want to protect the value of the largest investment of their life right?
i'm a mod for the elohim subreddit.
Look at this asshole doesnt even give out the king size.
How dare you be thankful for other peoples appreciation.
"I dunno, seven seas was my JAM for a long long time"
You get an upvote for your boldness
The M/42-57 is going to be added to the Swedish tech tree in 9.17
"there is a way on YouTube to select what type of ads you get, I found it once but don't remember how"
I
Well that answers it!
My friend has a dog that starts howling if she makes howling sounds herself.
Dak
"Hahaha, hay, sana magkaroon talaga satin na official."
And they suddenly receive a phd in nutrition
"Ever see a lux Q come at you in slow motion, I always do and stil lget hit by it."
Sparky has literally never been stronger than it is right now
Pretty egotistical to imply we'd even warrant a whole dot.
No.
many= like 5
"Well, this is still Reddit, so I'm not really sure why that's unbelievable to you."
"He finds him annoying because of the helmet gimmick, how he didn't leave him alone at Ultra and on Twitter judging by some tweets."
*shawarma law
We've had SOOOOOOOO many.
That's just the logical next step
How the fuck is Russia banning porn sites important
Be aware - contains spoilers for many animes.
Any personal favourites you would like to recommend?
"Good god.. You all.. ""Man, you don't know nothing about no war"""
"That's why you listen to shit with no lyrics or if you, be sure it's a band you don't really like a lot."
theyd build it on the other side of course because they love the god emporer that much
yup
*That* explains why my copy of Windows sucks so bad -- it's all the damned Russians' fault!
When is it going to fully roll out?
"True, it's just that we hear this rhetoric so often, that it has become dull now that it would actually be an important point to make."
I'll take you to the hospital Like wtf does that even mean?
"They did give rough release dates of 2014 and 2015, and announce delays from those."
Sometimes I can't just hear the alarm even if snoozes for an hour.
"Siyempre, para hindi maabala yung mga taong wala namang pakialam sa layunin mo."
"That's like saying the average american meal is biscuits and gravy, erry night."
theyre always the first to push the bullshit like the REC controls the sec or we pay off refs.
Well for the record blackbeards massive helmet is part of his hitbox so.....
"Right, this is exactly why i commented that :("
"Network show writers are pushing the Marxist ""biological sex"" is just a social construct bullshit and people are tuning out for alternate entertainment free of the ideological zealotry and propaganda."
"I would assume that these regions aren't talking about armed secession, but forcing a referendum similar to the Scottish independence vote that would pressure the government to respect the will of the voters."
No they made an AI which people fucked with
"lol i thought he said isis leaders not all of isis i mean bin laden got killed in a sneak attacked and it worked if the media announced where binladen was and when they would attack him pretty sure he would have left where he was hiding and dissapear, i mean your comment makes sense if he meant to sneak attack all of isis at once but i can understand sneak attack to take out targeted leaders of isis etc.."
GOOD point
Yes
The best dinguses are at the bottom.
The best defense is the defense that gives up the fewest points and does what needs to be done to secure the win.
"Never even heard of it, and PS2 is the newest system I play."
Yeah but I'm different!
This will be adjusted to Trump + 15 and drop HRC to a 2% chance of winning.
"yeah i can see how such stable discourse, stability, and a higher quality of life we have right now"
Fast Eddie.
"I figured, thank you."
"Yes, Memrise is good too!"
"I know, I was saying just open them up, not change a load of aero regs as well."
Still barely tier-3 hero.
"oops, you dropped this:"
Proportions seem right to me... you'll never hear me complain about getting too much food at a restaurant
"D'ya have access to an actual brake, or do you just believe in an aggressive use of pliers?"
"Tumblr is full of them, young fat women with awesome willpower but chose to remain fat because it would be unfair to the rest of us."
a post
You dropped this
LOL
"Andrews, you are an idiot..."
I'll use my experience to make up for his lack thereof :)
Not UK politics
Look at today's energy sector if you are talking about this in terms of the stock market.
I can't tell if you're seriously upset about Pandaren or not.
"cool, I'm glad better players are also having some positive experiences with him!"
Mic drop
she is...and the White House is their most valuable business asset for the next 4-8 years!
Expensive
"Shouldn't you be in bed, Dad?"
"Come on, don't ruin his point with facts!"
I would like to know if I'm on track to do a world conquest with Champa.
Yep De Gea is much better
I think it was a snapchat filter
#HE'S THE B I R D
"this is why we need capitalism, people need incentives to make progress"
How two wrongs make good?
"Don't you know, Jews run the economy?"
But it satisfies my dogma about how all private enterprise is superior to evil public enterprise.
"Jesus this series is 9 episodes shorter than RE, but feels eternally longer"
Same stuff the Emperor's new clothes are made of...
"I bet that after this picture was taken the smile vanished, the eyes widened, the crease above her nose deepened, and she said something callous and bizarre."
"Arma 3 for best game in general, you should emulate Shadow of the Colossus."
I'm saying your odds are very very slim
Ewwwwwww.
"You're thinking Summertime, pal."
Vel's easier to pick up and is more consistent.
"Welp, unless Rob starts to have facecam regularly and like when he's on Roundtable, I'm gonna be thinking Jack Black's face from now on, when i hear him..."
"But as we all know, biology don't real..."
"We call it underwear, or refer to it more specifically as boxers, briefs, panties (though I personally hate that word), etc."
"We gotta fight the Russian propaganda with our own propaganda, that will make the public trust us"
"But Trump is filling his Cabinet posts with billionaires, what could possibly go wrong?"
you forgot
I can only remember like two popes that weren't useless.
Crafted by He who has no name.
Very compelling post.
"I love the app, and don't see why was kill."
"You mean a neocon corporatist third way shill... If you didn't steal the primary from Bernie by not voting for him, he would've won the general where I'm sure there would've been a bunch more far-left voters."
It means OP doesn't think butthurt is an injury
Not when you keep your condoms in your wallet/purse.
"Yep, late 2013 model here, use it for video editing and 3D modeling."
"Ahh my bad, should have thought of that -_-"
wow so relevant
Well you could just use the Lex P. and get all those things....
"Valid point, but committee has made one thing clear: Alabama-OSU is their preferred championship."
"He didn't crash, the sun sabotaged his car."
Finding (and getting) a job.
"Got it, I'm adding you now."
"Asked elsewhere with no results : do you think we can collect incubators and use them whenever we like, or will they expire with the event?"
"Yeah, people having hobbies, So stupid!"
*Gets out the popcorn* youhavenopowerhere.gif
On experimental or stable?
sounds like one of those screaming goats lol
"What do you expect, they have a huge spike through them?"
"okay, so they'd go for Bernie in the general"
Yes.
The only real way for that kind of turn around is to sell something that you already have
Anyone else think of a country to check out only to come to the realization that they suck at geography?
Brown people have guns.
Careful what you wish for.
It's a good thing Trump released his tax returns.
You kidding?I'm not getting shot defending a hypothetical clown
But it's still on it's way regardless
They re-ran that particular episode a few times during the campaign to keep production costs down.
Redbone
"Too logical man, this is Reddit"
New asparagus melee weapon confirmed
But how else will they display dominance?
Fucking opportunistic immigrants.
A bit late to this thread but I thought this way until I got to A Level and Edexcel expected you to know that sin x + y ^ 9 meant sin(x+y)^9 or whatever (granted it was often obvious by context which was more likely but I'd still have appreciated them being specific)
Can confirm lost my mind.
I still feel bad for that porn actress that didn't know what a Bob-it was.
I guess some people can't handle their snow leopards.
Man up and stop being so uptight.
"Yes, I want my FLIR scopes."
Nah we all know Jae shouldn't have shot that.
*Reeeeeally* really?
"Yep, even though the election is over, we're all still getting paid by Hillary cause the funding hasn't ran out just yet"
"if the flash series is to go by, then he was injured by a normal punch of a normal goon."
[Humor] this isn't funny
Guess I should've used
Seriously ?
You'd think someone would have foreseen this and handed out post ops instructions
You must have never seen JaMarcus Russell play then.
"Not op, but I've had ""all natural dreadlocks"" before."
"Me too, thanks"
on 9th banks and atms were closed
Easy bet there is no 13th month
The second row from their left side.
But these guys are nicer terrorists!
"The NFL doesn't do rankings, why should CFB?"
art
if it were open house it would be way too crazy.
"But can anyone *prove* that this is harmful, especially when you aren't allowed to know what chemicals are used, because if not then I still have a right to do business!"
"yes, old format was more like a community stream, where you could hang out with the devs, this format is more imformation, more scripted but less fun, way too professional, not causal enough"
"Sorry PVT Johnson, here's your taxi to the front gate, 20 bucks, and civilian clothes."
Kith...and then bite hith ear off.
Or maybe regi could give more money?
"But, it's so much easier to say than So-duh!"
"No, dont you get it, Dortmund only bought Auba so they could get that sweet Gabonese market"
Ohhhhhh I'm sooooo sorry
"Ford keeps track of like everything in the park, plus MiB seems to be an acquaintance so maybe he keeps extra tabs on him."
"For real, it's cheaper to pull out, and I'm pro at this shit by now"
I guess he forgot the
That doesn't sound familiar at all.....
lol
"Yeah but he made quips and didn't know the word ""children""."
But then they'd buy unhealthy food like snacks full of corn syrup and chocolate milk.
"No, because the wrong party keeps messing things up so the right one can't do anything!"
RNG is RNG guys.
"barnacle-encrusted gem, got it from a missions at my class hall"
"What are you, 15?"
Violent games cause video behaviour
3 C1 for Chakrams?
I'm just glad that MY town would never waste my tax dollars so foolishly!
Nobody will listen to you because you're a pinko commie bastardTM who wants to ruin the country
"They anger me when they start hacking out a lung in the middle of class and place themselves in the position of patient zero it's really cool to be sick before everyone else, you're going against the plebs!"
Unless it is a vote for Trump and then it sooooo important.
"Psh you can tell you're not actually from Beta or you would have called them actives, not relics"
Minecraft
"The article says ""elite"" athletes"
And nobody likes (accused) criminals so we might as well save the trouble altogether.
Lololol 420 bro omgggg this nigga smokin da herb ayyyyy
What makes you think that?
Obviously games at 50fps are more cinematic than 60/144 fps
I have black friends but they're animals... Seems like a nice guy
"Are you sure that customer didn't buy a drink the moment you opened, downed it, and came up for a refill ~4 minutes later?"
Suits her for leaving the franchise!
Yeah that was right out in the open
Here let me help you with that...
Rather small in nature if false.
That's so british of you
Sorry let me add
"if i had to guess, knowing how that brand markets, it's something along the lines of * 14% Cap Super Sweet * 3% TFA Watermelon Candy * 6% TFA Watermelon"
Jean Valjean?
How much is the monthly fee though?
People's opinions evolve bruh.
"Don't break the law, you won't go to jail..."
yes because taking it out of the box destroys the box.
"We're missing the only true evil in this world, the devil incarnate: #MEI"
"Why else would they be called a Democratic Republic, dumbass."
It's not real motorsport without twitter-fueled fanboost
Ahh so we're gonna train with Southampton now...
But how else can I show off what a unique little snowflake I am?
Forgot the
How can we possibly be expected to trust the NY Times with their obvious conservative bias?
cool
"Jebus, take the vape"
why does it seem like so many of them are terrible at winking?
"It's like FKI Kozmo, only a bit more consistent and has access to a Pendulum Summon + Metalfoes Fusion monsters."
its not that bad you will lose some games and be placed in the good elo to be vs same level premade as you.
In florida you can :P
"Hell, we aren't entitled to know when *anyone* gets sick."
You would pay taxes and fees anyways.
"yes, because everything has been decided on Nov 1."
"oh my god... give them a PC case, you piece of wet food."
"oh snap, missed that lol, sorry"
Too little too late.
Id buy it
Playboy doesn't allow nudes anymore :(
"The Lost World, Jurassic Park, and Alien"
Literally cancer incarcerate.
Hope he stays in Detroit and this is just for Upton's modeling related stuff.
Same here
Thanks!
'murica*
"So are you saying that when referring to Tottenham as a group including the fanbase and players it's okay to say, *the* Spurs?"
See my other comment for a description of my addictive tendencies but I have bipolar II
expect in korea where mid will afk if you dont give them blue lul
Kickers need some love too
Only a traitor to human race would want to be friends with xeno filth.
Mike Pence must be triggered
Scott realized his place was useless so he just decided to have the release date there.
People still play this game?
Yup.
"You don't, they are unreleased."
well that is a simple report and one less player will have an account
What're skilling pets?
"That's fine, it would be fair then if we just re-wrote the laws to only apply to people with children then."
Lemme just rub this toxoplasma right in there.
God bless the two party system.
I see a lot of people swapping them into Foxbodies and Sn-95 (in the SN the motor bolts into the stock mounting location and fits perfectly)
nice
Candyland.
All depends on demand.
Jesus take the wheel.
Aviation in general: where everyone is either a pilot or works in the tower.
I never said Nick was perfect but he is more convictions based compared to Trump but his policies are centre-left not centre-right.
The alt-right and their cake lies!
"No, he's straight and watches gay porn."
No need for CDR pots when every item has it.
Not if they remarry
0/10 not an actual gem.
android and ios have different multiplayer season end times
These are badass man keep it up
It's cool gurl
"I'm sorry, but I don't have the poeer to evolve a country... :,D otherwise, yes, I can do trade evos"
They should make a sub for that.
Why would they ever change their ways if their ways get them elected?
"Pro tools was my first DAW purchase (though I suppose I pirated cubase before, and it did come with my interface, and I'd already learned it at college and needed it for uni)."
Conversely: Inferno Rumble was the first time I've actually had fun in a Rumble match.
"Hell Keith Hernandez is still raking in those ""Coin Galleries of Oyster Bay"" bucks.... or coins I guess"
"Yeah except there is no second, third, or fourth bankruptcy in this endeavor."
Who can you get?
The galaxy phones are similar in prestige (at least in cost) and they alone are around the same sales as IPhone.
more than 100 posts in a day - someones been working hard!
"To be fair, he denied saying that"
Analogies only make sense if they match my agenda.
Try having sex after a penile fracture.
Have you ever played morrowind?
This is why all migrant countries should just be Saudi Arabia.
yea reddit totally doesn't say that blacks are criminal and should be trusted
Not running decathlons.
Aaaand that's you need the free press to make sure the government don't run wild.
"Kyrie tried way too hard there, but that was a good look to find Kevin."
Hey guys how about Barney Frank?
50/50 ---got to admit donnie's daddy was uhhh a special kind of scumbag;
Pokemon Go!
Here is my 7-1 :)
I thought she was innocent
i don't bruh that fps mode kinda makes it feel like grand theft farcry
I'll have to check it out.
yea man cartoons are for kids.
They only do that when a Kenyan usurper holds the presidency.
You lazy MF.
Omg these are beautiful nails and I'm totally stealing them to impress my in-laws over Thanksgiving!
Terrell Owens too
Shouldn't you be making fun of normies or complaining about how women don't like you on Red pill?
It's not as crazy as using your personal email for work.
That schedule is beautiful
You should look at AMD's stocks ..
I let two pranksters to smoke out my house to see if my kids can come out
"I played with C9 Stunna, the former coach of c9, we got 0-16'd partially because he was on the phone for half of the game."
"I would move the Washington Nationals to the AL East, and also move them to New York and rename them the New York Yankees, and I would move the Yankkes to the NL East and rename them the Washington Nationals, while moving them to Washington DC."
Still unanswerable eh?
"I can take a screen cap when I get off work, I've made a total of 3 imbued bracers and finished the tailoring chain."
Only if fucking thorin didn't pick us to win damn man w.e the big one is coming up so let's hope OpTic qualifies for the major
It's just the way the light is hitting it folks.
"Well, I'm already MAD after just one placement match"
Eric and Tony are as unbiased as they come You forgot the
This is proof that automation reduces the demand for labour!
masterbaiter
Someone's sounding awfully like a communist.
maybe Tico has ascended to a point where his general skills are so legendary that even the legend of total war cant take his ranking away xd
Now navigate to your Amazon Orders page and initiate the return.
"If they start Romo, do you think that will affect Bailey?"
"Right, we can never have problems with a candidate, we must toe the line and worship them."
Trump will fix it his first day....
"Not misleading, just plain stupid"
Pfftt...liberal elite with their facts and studies.
Pants shopping is suck
Lore solved.
Maybe Taylor will do the same thing and peace out to Calgary
what better time to do it then a new president coming is who is going to drain the swamp.
Try putting a passcode on your phone.
tangible results.
"Those get so much done, don't they?"
but expenses down 18% too ...
"On Wednesdays I go shopping, and have buttered scones for tea"
*reads thread* Fuck you old me!
Always a little shit I see.
MLS really needs to change to a winter schedule
Anybody have a clip of the sequence where he got ejected?
I want any games to play with weed with friends not just movies
No it was obviously all Comcast fault
Is this a repost from last year?
"Cock-a-doodle-do, we're a huge corporation..."
Yes that especially affected the CDN stocks
"If you are not supporting Hillary, then you have to be racist, sexist, raping Trump supporter"
I guess it was the russians again?
But everyone knows you're not allowed to make Muslims look good in any way possible.
"Yeah, they're going against the Jags."
When he's out pervin.
Fuck the Illuminati :D
Elm Creek?
Theres an interesting documentary about his life on netflix.
just wait for the update s87 is going to be much better
It only ever showed up every 5 pitches... which isnt very useful
I'm really sure the Republican Senate and House are going to hold inquiries as soon as possible...
This just shows me that Khabib is scared of Aldo and is ducking him.
wrong game dude
They're all dead
Pretty sure hoodies were not made?
Gets funny every time it's reposted
"egg logia, I'm calling it."
"You shouldn't complain because most poors in the US have indoor plumbing, refrigerators, and television sets."
"I think this in a hypothetical world where the ""free market"" dictates everything, welfare is public sector interventionism and ""theft"" through taxes, using ""socialism"" to redistribute ""hard earned money"" from ""workers"" to ""parasites""."
"We already have that in Iraq and Syria, it's just going so well!"
Ya LoL is total p2w garbage
Don't you know all we need is more prisons.
My mortgage broker says it's different this time
You forgot the
BUT IT WAS THE BEST PODCAST EVER AND WE SHOULD ALL COMMIT SUICIDE BECAUSE GIMLET SCREWED US
Allen is a pure class athlete
Hey what did YOU do to OUR players?
I don't think she's healthy enough to be president.
Go Peach
Phantom Chica.
"Hey, at least you knew everyone's name who worked there!"
"Cutting meat with a knife is easy af, that's why I'm going to use a spoon from now on to show that I'm a awesome"
"at first look I was amazed as well, but when you really look at it it's *very* sloppy with a lot of skin showing, it has nothing on Phi Phi's cosplay runway"
"Consider this: It's not a DLC but instead you're buying the option to host a private server, which would fit the title."
Downvote for not using Linux with it
Corrupt nazi mods gg
Amen
Sure it does.
This is why I don't trust birds
"Yeah, cause Conservative parties sure got more done than just talking about pipelines...."
Yeah but they're in different universes idiot
"Right, racists flip all the time."
"She was just very emotional, as she was deeply affected by this tragedy"
Yea I was having the same issue on post fades Ive just moved to using the button for it even on absolute I get a lot of red angles so instead of penalizing myself I just went with the button
Oh shit look at this badass over here.
But the costumes aren't yellow so obviously the movies are fucking terrible.
"Once a nazi, always a nazi, didn't you know it?"
Except those gamers who buy his games and don't like them... those guys are clearly SC shills.
"But but but, Renaud Lavoie said Montreal wasn't interested in him anymore!"
Thanks
But the civil war wasn't about slavery.
"They thought if they posted a link that w ain't identical, nobody would notice."
Well it was important that they meet their 'end of summer' release window.
Might be because of that m'lady in your tag
Sounds like a pretty typical Patriots response...
Anything that doesn't agree with my preconceived notions of what happened I will reject as being manipulated by the government.
Gorgeous
I mean it wouldn't be half-bad
"Maybe you should stop assuming women's ages and marital status, shitlord."
"thats the point i guess haha, unless you are being sarcastic in which case you are missing a"
Trade eli for 3 1st round draft picks and start nassib he is our qb of the future
"It's ok, just as long as my team wins."
That sounds kinda hawt
she was denied a meatball sub!
but it's not sexism if it's against males
Who did you fuck for that flair?
How do you like the Trunite T10T?
"Yeah, screw Bernie for not running on Hillary's platform instead of his own."
You forgot the
Locker room banter
You're too close to Holland so you don't count.
Yeah what a fucking dick trying to help clarify things
"No, because that would be unfair to Hilary."
reading that book of course
The green ones are my favorite.
Don't take my operator
Wow omg I love the particles on a champ I'm never going to play omg hype hype.
"Hey, we got bloom, didn't we?"
"Also the artist behind smash hit song ""My Nigga,"" no he's not racist at all."
"No no no, they would have won if Falk had been playing"
nah man bang aint gonna choke in the finals
Get NVIDIA hardware
"This disgusts me... it's _whom_, you swine."
"I wonder if Reddit will send them dildos instead of snacks, too."
You can get a number of certs for 125-200 dollars.
So I guess nonconformist 1 &amp; 2 were taken?
Fireball and Firelands Portal are commons and this is okay
Who had zardari arrested for being corrupt... My country never ceases to amaze me.
"1,398,923"
How?
Why would you want the control of it then?
"Most stun guns are single shot, so they wouldn't be able to deal with more than one person at a time."
Whisper is the crying child and he did the bite of 87
No I wanted him to win the DNC nomination so I didn't have to vote for tiny hands cheeto
"I never hit greens, so this is something I don't have to worry about..."
"g2 might make sense, but na'vi for example shouldn't have left train available for sk twice, since they knew sk would ban cache anyway"
"I was thinking they wouldn't be physical buttons, but on screen like on mobile."
Looked like a really fun tournament!
Unless they have come against Trump vote Republican
"Jason Kander's ""concession"" post is everything I needed to start moving forward again."
"Not sure why I was downvoted (inconvenient truth perhaps); I was referring to RoI, hence why I said ""now""."
All true.
"Whether you find it funny or not it's considered a ""Teen comedy."""
"Dude's buying new/newish, everything's covered under warranty."
CHOWDA
"I mean they're two different beasts, I'm planning on getting Blops on PC for mod tools"
I guess we're lying now?
I thought the translation was much harsher than the original mandarin.
Still quit that card sucks.
People with OP can still help you They can get engines to help you
post demo ?
Are you implying that was good?
nasus's biggest counter is a jungler
HUGH MUNGUS WOT
U kno.
Yeah they'd have to be working since the beginning of pets to have one by now
Ecks dee
Maybe you still have that special Mormon glow?
"I can't fucking believe I clicked ""continue this thread"" for this..."
something something going out on a limb pun something
Makes sense why Amuro is so OP: He is of canadian descent.
ITT: Americans complaining that german cops aren't psychos like theirs
Who on earth recommended Sweden for beginners?
"No, it doesn't."
In hindsight I guess.
mike10d will do that anyway after he is done with the teaching lesson.
TBH fam I think I searched for something in the domreddit and totally forgot I was commenting on a 3 month old post
"No necessarily true... a lot of them were thrown in there because of suspicions and bullshit ""trials""."
"Oh fuck I am SOOOOOO sorry I literally was having a conversation with my friend and he said a trebuchet was a type of catapult so I googled it to prove him wrong, but he was right so I decided to make a post about it and blasphemy was the first title that came into my head, I didn't copy you, but I feel bad for making you feel like I copied you :("
Rick and Morty DLC goddamit...
"Congrats, you fell for his act."
"You're being downvoted, but don't they have the best record in the league?"
Hellaboo sounds the best.
Because they wanted to.
She's pretty gutless herself in my eyes.
would still take 3 times as long as the current Dragonite-dominated gym scene
Same
Just roll of shame it dude.
"What a scrub, can't believe he missed 2."
"Nah, the others won in playoff"
He said nothing about jews
"I was so surprised by episode 7, I thought YOI was going to be like every other sports anime and just be queerbaiting the whole way through, It's nice to see LGBT representation in a show where the main focus isn't the relationship."
"r/nba doesn't even give a fuck about Wall in general, doubt they would care about this."
"the chances of dying from climate change are small, we should ignore it then right?"
That's the thing about online polls; they're vulnerable tip brigading and whoever spends more time online can be overrepresented because they have more exposure to these kinds of things.
Because the leave side were the only ones lying and were the ONLY reason people voted out
I heard they're moving their HQ to Europe like everyone else.
All the drift HE's have more steering angle.
Wouldnt be california if we didnt tax it.
"Recon gen 1 is probably my favorite, it's a close race though."
Me and you both (UK)
If it makes you feel better
Only if he's white
I guess he didn't pick his name out of a hat.
"Oh, I was wrong, that's much better"
"Can confirm, my TORO VGA box is awesome!"
"we would like to be our own country, all the benefits of being an american,(medical, social security) but none of the downfalls please."
Garrison Keillor is boring as fuck.
Subversion
get good skrub
*Inhales* ... Fuck you
If the Lakers got CP3 they would never make it out of the 2nd round....
"I did this the other day although, in my defense, it was less politeness and more not wanting to ram into the dumb fuckwit that blew through the roundabout going 65 in a 50 zone (km/h) after I was already in the roundabout"
"Well, yeah, this is huge; it's a PotG where Bastion is NOT in turret form or ulting for once."
Just right turns.
"Unfortunately, this has been the case for international students even before the recent political events in UK (as far as I know)."
Would they really?
dude what
"I mean, not all the time, just when it comes to appearance honestly, otherwise im pretty ok"
If you're not part of the OG 8 gtfo.
A little late for that one...
Calm down bud.
Who is Jon Jones?
That's 1000% percent true fuck you guys
r/gifsthatstarttooearly
SAYING THAT IS WHY YOU LOST
"or, only release cats that have been spayed/neutered"
Are there really millions?
He lost his quality
Or Happy Kwanzaa to old white people
I'm really regretting my choice to live in this time.
Maybe he was talking about his couch...the couch you would be sleeping on if you came to live with him?
I agree on Miller
"Yeah, and most suplex technique guys learn in the US is about scoring points wrestling and staying in control, not spiking and koing people"
Shutupshutupshutup
Also served in the Virginia House of Burgesses and chaired the Constitutional Convention.
psssshh wat is ook het nut van naar het ziekenhuis gaan?
Shocking isn't it?
yes
Ah that would be a very good reason.
Only good thing Jimmy Dore has done this election is spitting on Alex Jones' face
Citation needed
I'm ready!
"If you don't spend every waking minute begging the capitalist overlords to give you a minimum-wage job, it's obviously a personal failing."
"He said it, so it must be tru."
He forgot
Did you also cancel your first order because you missed where you could change it to expedited shipping?
"And gamergate is about ethics in game journalism, and flying the Confederate flag is about celebrating Southern US history"
But she didnt post a photo...
The video of his interrogation is the creepiest thing I've seen in a long time.
Still sleeping.
Arms spaghetti
Clearly you have been poisoned by the alt-right and turned into a racist.
Don't play mid then simple
"Meanwhile, goodell plans to fine all cowboys players after Thursday...."
But it'll be racist or bigoted to point out that the cab drivers were most likely Muslim and that dogs are dirty according to their religion.
These political emails are out of control
Funny joke Go donate to him to support his quest to be a full time streamer
Sola - Trippy Turtle
IF Kameni
What about Cell Jr's?
nah he is just skilled
Please let Care Bear be a russian hacking team.
Reg-reg-reg-reg-reggggiiiiicccceeeee
naaa.. couldn't have been 28 years of fraud and corruption
"In true Philadelphian fashion I'm more mad about OP not spelling my hometown than about the 6 people dying Also, FUCK DALLAS"
Salvageable?
"Um, The Weather Channel is clearly trying to make a profit off of being Climate Alarmists"
There's nothing funny about __________
I think it's entirely fair to dismiss such a claim from a person with a history of fucking with people.
Yes but obviously it was at the end of long season for the SH and it was the AIs so nobody cares anyway
Sounds like a loser mentality
"That's fucking awesome of you dude, thanks for the help!"
chair
drug suspects are not people.
been using it since 2008. i swear by it.
Black Lotus
*Kangols
I have it on good authority that everything you said was a separate false flag operation.
Are you being sarcasm?
Judging from the trans guys I know he's probably in his 30s
Nah bro it's all about the Greg Gang 4EVA LOL XD
.... but that would look cheap and tacky.
"Nah, I think he's just responding to the OP with something he's heard from fellow car people."
"It's as if the justices aren't just stereotypes of conservative and liberal but actually complex people who know the difference between right and wrong, who would have thought it."
I sure hope this is
"Hey jr designer and art director here, cannot wait"
"Once I saw the news describe him as a ""YouTube star"", I knew something stupid like this was going on."
You have courage!
Then wins the super bowl.
Good thing I didn't get excited about this game at all...
Post that map to this sub
"A* for that essay, *ese*"
Bbbbbuuuuuttttttt they have degrees!
Can get you president.
With a game in hand.
Does consuming electrolytes break the fast?
"Wouldn't want to looks like a ""mentally ill person,"" because they're all aggressive and spooky right?"
Chef's hat set for both
Yeah that thing is badass
Lol I wish you had been recording
Confirmed hellcat is scout
No pls don't give up.
I'm sure you white knight all images of people who didn't consent to having their photo taken
"We force it to wear pants, obviously."
But Twitch chat killed the pro streams.
"It does work,for example I have it bound that when I inspect my gun it clears decals :)"
With how most people are playing I actually think they are bots already :)
"Haha, you come from the universe where you eat poop!"
What is it with you and prostates?
yea no one ever talks about that one.
"You're talking about Grey's Anatomy, right?"
Feel like last year's collection was a lot better
That smile on his face XD
Our FEELINGS are more important than a business' profits!
You and every other fgt on the island
But he's not HOF bound the Internet said so
And now we know that just being associated with blogs might be ANTI-MORMON!
We need more cosplay posts in this sub
"But without shame, misery and isolation, how will people know not to be fat?"
Whoever let Brees end up with the Saints can suck an egg
o nee niet mijn favoriete politicus :(
That's hilarious.
A major aspect of data science is acquiring and preparing data for analysis -- which is essentially ETL.
I hope he has a pretty high YPC on a handful of touches but Dallas' commitment to (a hopefully ineffective) Elliot tanks their rushing attack.
"yeah we can do that its only tradable in 3 days tho, is that a problem for you?"
Something something reddit runs the Internet
Share the wealth bro
Embed Soundcloud Player.
You're confusing sexual assignment with gender and you're being super ignorant right now.
Yeap its good only women can be parents
"Apothicon Sphere confirmed new specialist weapon, throws out Margwas on unicycles"
"Some of you plants are alright, dont go outside tomorrow"
Men are such dicks said no woman ever...
"of course, white people corrupted this poor black man and turned him into an uncle tom"
"silently puts Camilla, Vanessa, Trinity and Akroma in storage... wait I don't have any of them"
Just realized this was already posted...didn't come up on when I searched :/..oopsie
That's a great reason to hate an entire race
Thanks Obama
PEDs I tell ya
"Obama, the great uniter."
"I understand why you included Bjergsen and Febiven, but why did you include Jensen, the reddit circlejerk can attest to how bad ""Incanati0n"" is at Zed"
So would you say you're getting boned by the bone step?
Because she was a fatty and Trump had to make sure we all know that being a fatty is a yuge problem.
"LA femme de argent by air at 36 seconds in, great song"
"#shall not be infringed, asshole"
Trees are strong bruh.
I think he forgot a little
"We did it, Reddit!"
Nuclear radiation does amazing things
And my axe!
"Thanks, I had no idea they weren't actually her mom/dad/grandma all rolled into 1."
Trump and Trumpkins just got BTFO.
WE DESERVE IT
You forgot this:
Just Rosie O'Donnell.
Don't you know that women are just extensions of their husbands?
"Actually, laughing about helping a rapist isn't really funny no matter what the context is."
But talking about groping women on a bus is just words and no big deal.
Cause they're scared they'll be deported
"Gee, no one would ever think a rebel like that would sell out."
Is this one of those accounts?
My team can't win without the refs helping us
This card would be a lot more balanced if it didn't exist
Ang hirap ng clue mo!
Can't tell if
"Except me, I own one of the players so obviously I know"
I see you've used a racist hate symbol at the end.
The Lord doesn't give you anything you aren't strong enough to handle
How good/bad could this be for HBO?
"I don't root for any players to ever get injured, but burfict could die a slow painful cancer death and I wouldn't bat an eye."
Did you put it back in there as soon as you were done smoking?
You mean that's not representative of British people?
I heard it is some guy named 4chan.
I'm not convinced.
I can also type long sentences without punctuation detailing that the PS3 was horrible just horrible awful all round not worth the plastic it's printed on if you ask me
Check back Nov 12.
Is he trying to lose more teeth?
hawwww how can someone lie or fake things on internet :O
Donkey Kong Country Returns Returns + Metroid Prime Pinball 69
I didn't expect the #StopThePot campaign to work so fast
Perhaps they should of build the line on the border with the Netherlands
"I love Mike Leach, but the rise of his air raid destroyed the Big 12 nationally I feel like"
Fusion
Two years sounds a bit lenient for stomping an underage teenager's head into the street.
How does that make more sense?
I think he just signed a contract this year.
Aint nobody gonna press pickle on my turf
"Exactly, my 1.21 terrahertz can do a whole 5 calculations a minute with its 3 transistors!"
This is going nowhere already
I would be ok with it if he sat out this game as well.
yet another reason to get VR
Ok aye thatd be a bit of a solution.
nope and nope
Nah just glue a magnet in there somewhere
Bordergore
I think OBJ &amp; Crowell are the better pair IMO.
Way too high
"OK, so it wasn't just me who noticed then."
But they are both the same
Could be chownow orders
He is in the conversation.
"Women that aren't smaller than me, das' about it"
"oh sorry forgot to update, I GOT ONE stole it from my friend's office mine also ran out"
BB must not want Jimmy to play
"It's ya boy, L.D."
"Im too used to alien blue, it is basically my wife now..."
I mean it doesn't look like it went through the other side of the turret so technically it didn't go all the way through
"I assume camping him so he tilts into oblivion, and singlehandedly loses the game"
Google her name and check her deviant art.
Your stuff is stuff and other peoples stuff is shit
"I think you dropped this, take it"
Quality post
I know a nag whos an out side chance but is sure to get up :)
"Oh shit!, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonnnna..."
"All you need is the set-up, Buford, and you'd have a *whole* joke."
tablet is worth too much pp peppy my man
Strategic FPS games with short TTK usually don't randomly respawn you behind your enemy a few short seconds after you die
He is objectively bad though vs anyone level 30.
Both trees and god approve of capitalism them
I just click it real fast.
I've only seen one mention of that sad-looking Crimea there.
Do I hear three?
Future historically speaking Wat
"One out of those five was a win and two he was only on as a sub, also bagged himself an assist, makes perfect sense to me"
so tragically die?
or the fact that there's not a decent payback system
"they should remake the conquest map with a japanese theme, so now every pantheon had a map representing it"
the lovely prairies
"Not that I like Pence, but Tim Kaine's kind of a nutbag though."
"Yeah guys, this guy is real enlightened."
We're better off waiting for next gen so there will be mass adoption software for it too.
"Nothing says ""We want to be taken seriously and our issues to be taken into consideration"" like acting like animals."
Was probably hoping a woman would enter
fates is wasted potential: the game
Me 2
"She got through the primary debates fine, and that was only a few months ago."
Obviously we should have elected a stubborn megalomaniac to work with the ones that other countries elect.
Send me your modlist!
Barrett Vest.
*based dolphin reppin da naysh*
"I assume a new mod pack will be able to use ARP ships there, you can use ARP ships in any port with the mod in Aslains/any mod pack that gets you access to all ports."
I had something similar happen when i tried to start a trade while another civ tried to start a conversation with me (I was trying to start the trade while the ai was taking its turn)
"Can confirm, have FX-6350 and am delusional."
Did somebody tell them that Clinton lost the election?
"Imagine if this was how Flash ""time-travelled"" to Bruce..."
lol good shit metta
Chargers pls
I always thought Wallonie was just a giant wine center.
Ability to plug in a USB right every time
I married one- Melania T
"It is tacky, and pretty cringey too"
"LOL whoops, i thought Karius was the Leicester keeper haha sorry."
I guess you can never win
Am I a good boy?
The Looker recruitment has become pretty standard
"Took me longer than I'd like to admit to realize who that was and that the comment wasn't ""Because [the RHAP/reddit community is] heartless jerks"""
Mine is red and black
He has probably never broken a glass or a phone dropping it from the table.
I'm not sure you know what imminent means.
Disa also allows you to get FB messages and reply to them with most of the messenger functionality.
"True, but it's a more reasonable response than he came up with, I cringed when I read it."
"It's 2016 and I've never come across this magnificent post, wtf this is amazing"
"Yes, because its easier for him to make the market stop rather than gift one to himself"
"Either we fuckin, or I'm fuckin... ~Bill Cosby"
"No, they just play the second one for the otk"
definitely ;) hahaha
Elitest
"Well, at least she's still able to hold her posture while drunk right?"
"I mean people are dying left and right in other cities but sure, Windsor might be the worst place on earth."
Here's to hoping Lucas/Dawn can be post-game trainers to battle
Backdrop looks fake.. or is that my phone.
"Why a ""whole turning head"" for a man?"
Oh boy.
Never got any.... Please send some :-)
"Gee, who would have thought that 24/7 anti-Trump media bashing would cause people in the real world to react."
"I'm still not sure where they got that information, but Juvia's stuff is 100% not the same formula as the Morphe stuff."
12.7.1?
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
"this pokecheese guy is pretty unique, but miis carry that person tbh"
Not the sex icon we want speak for yourself
Thanks Obama
Looks like a pretty good deal though I might order a couple for myself
Yeah why no X99 1080 SLI what a peasant
"Oh, I'm sure they do believe that"
Probably liberal shills trying to make Trump look bad.
Lmao!
"Here, you dropped this:"
But if we ban all the racists then there's no one left to challenge my views so I don't think this applies.
"Here, you forgot this:"
Don't you mean November 29th.
And so has our President Elect
Post is removed: WC not in the title tag
"Yeah, i'm not sure what someone posting here could find cringe worthy about the QSL card."
Top notch
Lib Cuck
No DaZeD is
None of that's going to matter when we're all dead because of nuclear fallout.
Time to spend another high-round pick on a receiver then!
"and everyone says, littering hurts the environment."
Which one there's a bunch of reposts.
What's a healthy back?
Would be a perfect time to bring in a Kitakami
"Goddamn right, I don't know you but fuck your grandma!"
"Yes, every Justice League character is in DC"
"Man the marshmallow update before the end of 2015 they talked about is already here, stop complaining."
Nope
Microsoft Font?
I don't like it because 95% of my team always seems to throw themselves into the middle rather than help flank them.
there is only 1 image
I dont get the 7000 part
The Cowboys are so good that they have the 2 best players on one team
woot woot.
That's nothing in Latvia they found Russian spyware in potatoes.
Why don't we just make sunglasses out of bricks?
"* Nonagon Infinity - King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard * Rattlesnake and Nuclear Fusion - King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard (singless off of 2017's ""Flying Microtonal Banana"") * Flash in the Pan - Gum * Sweep Me Off My Feet - Pond (single from unannounced 2017 album) * A Weird Exits - Thee Oh Sees * Emotional Mugger - Ty Segall and the Muggers * Orange Color Queen - Ty Segall (single off of 2017 self-titled album) * Skiptracing - Mild High Club * The Murlocs - Young Blindness * Birth - Orb"
Typical meme page admin on instagram.
I am so glad that subreddit exists and is active
If it isn't in a tier 1 pro netdeck its a bad card l2p sheeple
"No, the Lebanese part of me dissents from the American part"
Winning driver gets added weight in their car next year.
That's the spirit
"Cheaper than folgers, and better."
Mga mas kakaibang bagay
Not sure if you are serious or should this post be finished with
That's because you're a big booty ho.
"When Imt banned Cassio , it was pretty obvious they will pick vlad so just ban it ?"
"christ, hopefully the ambulance was purely precautionary"
but where are of proofs?.)
"Yeah, but they wear protection so they obviously are wimps."
There's a tv show named after the sunshine skyway?
9/12 treyarch will release hints for ee.
Thanks for the suggestion
Found the psychopath exec.
"Wouldn't want to offend all those people on death row, they already suffered so much."
But... but... the reshoots were totally planned!
?
We can only hope that the peace-loving republicans will prevail in the elections so this kind of bloodshed can be avoided
But losing your sovereignty to a trio of corporate lawyers is fine because the TPP is good for America.
"Well they knew how to keep their wives in check, right?"
"So when she does, you will switch your support and admit your wrong?"
Its almost like she was meant to catch survivors using her teleports only
"Americans usually say ""out and about"", while Canadians tend to say ""out and about"""
Cause it's a good game :)
Subroza so I can wallhack and no one will know
That's exactly what I said would happen
"Let's fork the OpenJDK, how hard can it be!"
"(Shh... Bernie is the Reddit buzzword, Ron Paul was a dirty ""Republican"" surely Bernie knows better!)"
"I'd grind his wife and children as well, and give it to their parents as food."
"Come on, boyz, she was just joking"
It's just an ancient Indian symbol.
Ikr game is literally unfinished because he can do this
Will you marry me?
"You forgot something, take it:"
It's been a really slow news day.
This title violates rule 4
Clearly the beginning of the word diet is in the word diabetes so it has to be related
Bust.
"It's 2 minutes, cuz the slew footing cancels the boarding, and the instigating cancels out the unsportsmanlike"
Dash cooldown resets after a kill.
OP might just have found some compelling evidence trump has less than half a brain.
"oops,"
Parting of the Red Tees
I never saw it so I guess I'm either OP in my sleep or just so good that I post good comments everytime!
"yep, that's an active sub"
They would demand his birth certificate
Can someone ELI5 the difference between the muslim race and the christan race?
looks like a bunch of stuff we've already seen before.
"Wow another politician acting like an ass hat, surprise surprise."
NOW WHY WOULD WE DO THAT?
"Well you can tell it's a scam, the person being cuffed is white!"
Riverslime
Could be...
"Go to twitter and search for ""stonetear""."
"Just saying, some automoderator may be autodetecting Karen any post with Karen in it."
Pls laugh
Thanks for the support!
"Yep, that's what I do, click auto and then slide the sliders a bit to get it just right."
And 'member the Mongolians?
Carolina Crazy Cat Ladies
"Jesus Christ, Haisley is such an inflammatory, know-nothing hack."
"Nic Cage can still surprise with good roles, I would put him above Travolta these days"
"when you're good, you're good, but when you're bad, you get a serious STD"
Well there's always the off chance the dead will once again walk the earth
Avoidmanmode?
Where can I find those?
Risky click of the day.
o7
I didn't vote for Trump
Hope you've been witholding rent until this is all sorted out.
"DAE America sucks, throw off our facist overlords and embrace true communism."
Hokuto no Ken needs some recognition nowadays
Thanks for that
W is laughing all the way to the bank.
5 looks sick as fuck
"Well, since the pile of shit will end up in jail, it looks like you're getting Trump"
You mean *WING*
the spinbotter most likely won't go into overwatch if he knows what he is doing.
Based on his cabinet picks I don't think we should expect anything but a radical right agenda from this administration.
Frogger and munchies!
You do know you have to bathe reptiles or they get scale rot
"Thanks for the answer, I was thinking the same, apply from here and then apply again when I relocate if I get no answers."
"If this is the kind of stuff that people will forget in the span of a few weeks, that raises the question, is it as earth-shattering as he claims?"
"He's like, ""Not this bullshit again, for fucks sake."""
Being able to do this is the reason they made drugs illegal.
It's been about half a decade since I was in a materials lab
"Yeah, but after that the max you get like 800 tickets per round of the shooting game"
"Terrelle Pryor and Bell - take it and run, Jordy is losing targets"
Mind aswell give all the gods that have wings a passive or an ability they could use every now and then because well.. They have wings am I right ?
Their power against siege lines is really nerfed in that patch with supply cost of the tempest going up and their anti ground range being halved
:)
Or hes trying to tell them to get on the fucking paylaod
._.
Everyone who has valid criticisms against the DLC is dumb because im a fanboy Please leave
I would sell my OP3 for a OP3 with a 2K IPS.
I wish they actually made the movie with Tom Cruise (and related cast) after the original with Michael Mayer.
"Yes, these jokes are always just hilarious and never get old."
"No, you're ""punished"" because you're not working with your team"
"Well, there is always the rampant voter fraud from ACORN and whatever to make up the difference."
We Hearthstone now
It's more like keying your GF's car that you paid for I guess.
Fearing your own connationals usually ends poorly.
I'd get ready for beer pong with Hitler
Dance bitches.
Guy writes an article in the Huffpo underhis real name with a photo of his face with his girlfriend.... these chasers are getting clever amirite
All white socks ladies and gentlemen
"lol, the media has always been controlled by (((those with a liberal bias)))"
Large organization that uses fear for political gain == terrorism.
Going online
"I wouldn't say anyone attacks each other, just that the general opinions on beauty brands switches quickly"
You dropped your
"I cringe when I see him walk, sit, daydream...pretty much any time he or his current story comes up."
"If it gets there, I am buying a dozen houses."
I'd rather die knowing i did the right thing than live knowing i didn't.
"It would be nice if we had an example of a recent Republican president enacting a very similar economic plan, only for it to fail miserably."
he said reduction not removal
"No way, millennials are what's wrong with everything."
Maybe it's a hoax.
No u
Better than autism.
"That's disc 7, disc 2 was when Cecil becomes a paladin."
This speaks to my concrete soul
whoosh
"Make sure the trip sitter isn't sober, or you'll have a bad trip"
I can't imagine why
My girlfriend works at a gym and told me there a is a guy cussing to himself while on the treadmill and loudly proclaiming trump is an 'ugly mother fucker who doesn't understand that Russia will attack us'
Year 2.
thank mr skkkeltal
"Yea, now they can't bring their weed or coke home."
new metal band name: Pissing Blood
I cant tell if this is real but upvote.
Clear console port with clear 0 regard for the PC.
Titanic
Yup I think this is how I got burnt out in the first place
I think unpaid debt is a jailable offense and their jails are not great for living a long fulfilled life
Banned for exploitation of weapons :p ... however this can be used maliciously though
TRUTH.
Mom's spaghetti
"the skin sucks, trust"
Not according to ESPN
Im fuckin stupid NVM.
Coloring Book wasn't that great in my opinion.
It is a quote from the OP page link.
I wonder if their silencers can be used on their channel....
"Yeah, being generally respectful towards other human beings really needs to end."
That's just the new curved oled displays!
Applying logic to nonsense doesn't make the nonsense logical.
Clearly you've never fallen asleep with your genital(s) stuck inside someone
Thanks Obama
That's a good way to fuck up your system.
More like a cucktarded cuckservative conservatard amirite
I forgot the
gucci mane used it before big sean
Pm'ed
i hope
Banana banana banana banana banana terra-cotta banana terra-cotta terra-cotta pie
"Not trolling, he's just sucking that Blizdick."
What'd it look like before?
im hoping this is
"The white house breaks bad and goes criminal, next thing we know they will be dealing the meth they have been smoking."
But we are just stating the obvious
They'd probably lose to Bama
"Billions will die that's a fact nobody talks about, nobody lives forever"
"Well the state requires me to tell you that, so yes."
"My birth certificate lists Texas, Nashville, and Europe as my race."
Do you see any difference in the skill level of those players?
Den norske Duerte kommer.
I was hoping he'd be a mutated man-bird hybrid.
Adding you now
"B-but its still in Beta, and you are not forced to play Ranked"
Welcome to the premier league....
It's a shit test she wants D.
you forgot to add
And gus
"BRB, gotta floss."
"I was one of the first, and one of the highest on the hiscores for both 99 wc and fishing, and then construction when it came out =\"
Before you know they're gonna charge cod points for better graphics :)
"If you can't form proper arguments, the best thing to do is call people names!"
"Yeah, not particularly immersive but not particularly nauseating either."
You forgot the
Maybe for an acronym... cause you know illuminatee and stuff.
"Yep, Bought the Fallout Anthology and I loved 1 &amp; 2"
Alabama has a Purple problem
"If I've learned anything from wrestling, it's that she should've just kept rolling with it, head and arms are the noobiest thing to get taken down by"
I propose that /t be used like
"Be grateful, we have daily gifts"
*cue cat*
MT is another state that allows it at 18
but there's no strength
"Bit harsh language there, you speak like a dictator talking like that."
Because being poor and lazy are the same thing
Thank you for that valuable source.
"Yeah, their broast is great but everything else there is suspiciously bad."
Bethesda needed another faction of bandits for their Skyrim mod
"The ""no confederations for ai"" mod helps tremendously."
Its all good if you plan to rush B anyways
"I would but i only took that one photo, the look i was trying for was a bit of punk/rock"
That's racist.
I can guarantee this edgelord hasn't seen his penis in a long time.
"But he said ""speaks volumes"""
THIS IS WHY WE CANT HAVE NICE THINGS
"Wow, that's funny!"
Don't you dare call me that you asshole.
$2 ones from dollar stores :)
"I've been eyeing milk paint for a nursery recently, what do you think?"
Let's remember the pulse night club shooter who killed 50 gays and hated gays was a Hillary supporter.
you see that is why I always throw a McCree pocket sand out there
"Well you should tell that to the artist, not me, buddyman buddyboy."
Downvoted for no Oxford comma
Personal Request: Test if having a buddy with you makes you feel less lonely :'(
I might actually support a wall that is high enough to reach the stratosphere.
What is the volume of cream?
Global warming is scam!
Yah but Russia may have leaked the horrible things that the DNC attempted to hide from the public!
Not if he converts to gay from atheism.
he must have sent his goons in to downvote you into oblivion
"Yeah, because you can walk into any store and find Meta Knight, D3, Ness and Wario."
Race Traitor!
"Hey, it's not that bad if you throw down $60 dollars for the other half of the game!"
"Yeah but you still have white male privilege, so stop oppressing me!"
Yeah the GOP totally let Hillary skate by on Benghazi and E-mails!
"Well, I *am* the smartest guy in this forum."
We care not for the belief of men
"Nah, 900k is so much man they're swimming in a pool made of money right now laughing at everyone"
Our first goal against Anderlecht better have been scored by Anderson
Well aren't you just a ray of sunshine!
black is the new silver
But she's a modern empowered woman
at least it's organic.
He made a great effort trying to tackle Rhodes
How dare a man bring up prostate cancer during breast cancer awareness month!
Little grls are my favorite
Morrisey
He's trying to oppress all the poor defenseless whites and create the black masterrace
"I think it's pretty obvious, Bill also sexually assaults women but he then goes to his private server at home and commands a drone strike on the woman"
10 yards is also 3 feet!
"Be sure to mention cup size, that's *always* a sign of quality writing."
What corruption?
What does this to CJ Anderson's value?
"Just heal better then, nub"
"But society has kept telling me that all men are child molesters, how can we let them take care of children?"
Yes because that's exactly what I said
I thought the only thing happening in the world was Kim Kardashian being robbed and killer clowns?
Hopefully they force us into lfr
found the manlet
How else do you keep it from falling out of a warn out outlet?
You forgot to add
"Fuck him for getting injured, amirite?"
Sounds like Space Engine has more gameplay than E:D
Only one black guy =/= diverse
But they are entrepreneurs!
But...all of history is made out of atoms...therefore they actually know it better than everyone
I think what people see regarding the DNC corruption is that there was a 2008 Clinton campaign co-chair running the 2016 primary and claiming the process was neutral until leaks occurred causing her to step down on the eve of the DNC convention and then immediately get brought on as an (honorary) co-chair of the same campaign she was seen to be in favor of.
"Anyone would'v won 11 championships with Jordan, Pippen, Kobe, Shaq."
"Yes but it is in their best interest to get you the highest salary, so unless they completely misrepresented the position's salary, it's the client you should be angry at."
Blue is the Warmest Color
I just can't wait for the Christmas shows and movies on ABC and Cartoon Network!
Controversy.
The 3 different drops are insane holy shit.
#HillaryDucksJustice
I think NoPromosTwitter is open source on GitHub
Just look at his history; we're talking several dozen per day.
"It's also natural to club your neighbour over the head and steal their food, if you were broke and starving, doesn't mean it's the right thing to do."
I hear it's one of our finest remaining urban centers.
Gallowboob
You leave that ball of adorable alone!
You do realize by calling all democrats bigoted you're being a bigot lol
Ok thank you.
Stitches is the only one I don't own and it seems I'm in no mood to be a hooker this week either.
They recently released the dlc for free.
I'm in d29 and I'd say it's about an hour a day maybe 2
chew
I heard there were large scale DDoS attacks on the datacenters in Chicago
"Boy, judging by the comments, I'm glad I'm not Dez."
I was gonna say... Trump has really not needed any help.
Fancy strip mall on one side and liquor stores and currency exchanges on the other?
"What they're saying is that if you buy an annual pass right now, it will last until October 2018, which makes sense since why would you pay the price for 12 months if 2017 is free for everyone."
"But you don't understand, it is okay for them to hassle you because they *know* that God exists and they want to save you."
Let alone the fact that it is an impossible act!
"Pirlo first, 39 pace though, calhanoglu is 74 pac, 78 dri, 80 sho and pas, 41 def and 57 phy, pjanic is third"
"I called in yesterday to ask, and they were not yet on display."
"Perhaps because it is not a clever word play or quip, rather just pointing out that the band coined the abbreviation and used it literally for the word ""Ecstasy""."
Wimpy?
"It doesnt invalidate a woman's opinion, but there are times emotions should not be used to make decisions"
No it's not... Mby read the discription/explanation from GGG staff and stop making stupid assumptions.. If you hit at center you get to 87% effectiveness ffs...
Then see: Jews In Space
"So when you say ""help"" with your itinerary, what you mean is you want us to research and make it for you."
He was also dubbed the highest paid athlete on Smackdown
"Don't forget the combat is fun and it is an educational rpg, you learn real Chemistry playing it!"
"Didnt watch, but that Putin-Trump thing sounds credible, lol"
"Generally, there isn't singular and plural in Japanese."
What are you going to do with all that extra cash?
"Hey man, my name's Deacon."
Feeling
"Well yeah, but I ran out of options recently and I wanted to expand my ""Music Pool"" haha."
Fire... Fire is always the answer and even when it's not it destroys whatever the problem was so no answer is needed.
Go vote for bernie you socialist.
"too bad I glitched him in already on my red version :D welcome, mew hm slave"
Good luck with the exams!
"She did not intend to forget to report this, so no case."
I look at their hearts &lt;4
now you got me curious too.....
Lindholm
Poor Yelp reviews can be a powerful motivator :)
"Salon, a website that came out of a cows ass, shouldn't be blaming others for climate change."
Early Pregnancy Test.
"You came into the wrong neighborhood, motherfucker."
"Now look at this plane, that I just stole"
Sign the house over to him/her.
I guess this makes up for not allowing them into the Celestial Kingdom before 1978.
I seriously doubt the Switch will be able to supply enough processing power for VR.
Ain't that a bitch lol
Have you been flown on his plane to his private island to have a party with him?
How come every racist in America is voting for Trump?
Chris Jones!
Anytime...?
Enjoy!
You're only friends with people in high school because you have to be
"I guess you could say, you're all in"
May be plugging it out and in again may work
"It does that always, because the water spins through"
"He's seen some shit, man."
Don't cry too much if you get Bite and Twister.
Yeah but she is hot though
"It's the very definition of it, but instead of justice, we get Trump."
Yeah he must be in a real urge to *blow* his load.
RIP Comrade Ochs!
Its not a penalty its a tax.
How did you handle your taxes?
Where's the FAMAS in this image?
Ok someone needs to assassinate you now before this all gets way out of hand...
Sothis and Ceos stack data missions no risk loads of reward (ranking)
Can you change the last of it for Reddit Silver?
Not that far to return to base.
This is why media and opposition should be responsible and not create panic.
Gotta protect those Russian minorities in the schools from ukronazi corruption
"LGBT People, immigrants, Muslim Americans, people of color and women all thank you for your bravery."
That doesn't say much.
"Well, aren't you a responsible gun owner"
He's first now?
And Aretha Franklin.
So Canadian English is also Australian English
"Miss-issippi, Miss-ouri, miss-ion, miss-fit, miss-guided, shall I go on?"
By grabbing them by the pussy.
Borderlands is going to be a real thing I guess.
"Obviously placing a gay men with a BBC fetish, in a cabinet supported by the KKK and including a homo-therapy believing religious fanatic would make for the most awesomest presidency ever."
You forgot this
LPT: always tell your electronics the truth
"Well, it's because they garner the uneducated white male vote, rather than the virtuous inner city, oppressed minority vote."
All world governments cause i want to see a world war in my life time
Typically made with an entirely different vegetable.... So how's it wasted?
One more night at work for me...
Funny how Fisher always ends up in these situations and it's never his fault right?
I believe in bootstraps at conception.
"I'm not sure I would characterize a player who had an injury-plagued season as ""dead weight."""
"Oh, you believe Soros actually exists?"
"But hey, at least it looks like our productivity rates look great!"
"No need for that, you have Connor Hallisey"
Even before that they went to retard levels with fan service.
rocket league?
"Nah man, complaining is obviously the better choice."
"Specifically a sailors tale, I believe."
"And maybe I seem a bit cursed...yeah maybe, but I got you pegged!"
"surprising shortage of feminist making Youtube videos about this, In other news Pink Tax report at 6"
"I disagree, our secondary was struggling before williams was even injured also Williams was injured most of last season as well and we still thrived in the secondary."
"Cut the hair, post an update."
There's always a hotdog... There's always a bun... There's always a mustard... **CONSTANTS AND VARIABLES**
"The Never Ending Story... Great film, although I haven't seen it since I was about 8...."
How much of a premium/gold content is there?
"I mean, sometimes I ban gaz to prevent silly teammates picking him..."
Your argument is salient and without reproach.
the plan has taken action
WHISKEY ECHO DELTA INDIA DELTA INDIA TANGO ROMEO ECHO DELTA DELTA INDIA TANGO **WE DID IT REDDIT**
1.35 at 800 dpi which is 2.7 at 400 DPI.
"WOW, they couldn't even hold fire for a second and say hello before kicking you to the curb."
"As soon as They round all 11 million illegals, start keeping tab on all US muslims and start stoping and frisking all minorities they will reach the highest respect they ever hoped for."
pretty sharp for 5 months of exposure...
Their outsourced help desks make up 64% of India's economy.
Call me stupid but I wish we had gotten a scope on the Piercing Rifle so we could free aim it like a sniper
"you mean tax payers will save those jobs... but i guess giving those tax payer dollars to a corporation who will ""give it to their employees"" is better than just cutting the middle man"
You wouldn't be caught dead *in a hat*?
And didn't we learn that that's pay-for-play if done through the Clinton Foundation?
You forgot the
How could that possibly happen?
Uhhhhh....
I don't think it's that deep.
Gross.
stamps?
"Riot said they didn't want to do this with Vel'koz as it made his Ult seem miniscule when zoomed out, and they thought it went against his theme to have a small ray of destruction."
"If ""late model"" is supposed to be old, then what's ""early model"" supposed to be?"
What tickers and what dates?
But isn't that something a face would do?
"If you played the free weekend, it's been 50% off for like forever."
"Wasn't last year supposedly his ""last year"""
"You still can, but you only have one shot."
Or maybe so much coding has made them believe that things can only be quantified in absolutes.
"But if we try harder to cram it down their throats next time , then it will surely work - Ryan"
an douche *ehem*
It is Poland now(and only has been since WWII) but it was Germany(well a state of the HRE) when the killing happened
Reptilians don't age!
"Karl Marx, eh?"
"Oh I see, working professionals should take advice from sub-20 year olds on the internet and expend the time to have 3 working OSes on their computer."
thanks for your input :)
G-G-G-GODLIKE
It's so weird that your original comment saying you hated the song got downvoted a lot but this comment with reasons got upvoted.
"I'm of literally the exact the same mindset... Don't go and prey on vulnerable people in poor countries for the purpose of indoctrination, but really, how can we fault them for being good members of the community?"
Thinking of Dream across my forhead though.
"Vermont, settled on something (that was similar to the previous designs) in 1985 and has stuck with it."
"just block them, and live a pleasant life."
"Yeah, because the right never insults anyone with a different opinion and Trump has the highest morals and would never do such a thing, ever."
"Da, asta-i cea mai mare problema pe care o avem cu un guvern PSD."
If we don't get this update soon then clearly this game is just dead in the water!
"ya, it's the comments that are offensive...."
"Revenge for the 3,000 times Fuze has had his bouncy gadget kill her"
Dat Saxxy doh
Recomment
"Poor Ryze, has to deal with noobs like Tobias in his team..."
"Report the account, as its underage"
"Yeah while you're at it hire someone from the secret service to swing by and observe, they have expertise in counterfeit money and could be extra helpful."
"Nah, Perkz is a piece of shit and he should get about 90% of all the blame with the rest of the blame going to Ocelote."
"What, no new Game Modes this time?"
Not particularly?
A potion in any video game
"Despite the shitty team we put out there, it's still been a (mostly) fun year, guess it's time for us to put on our big boy pants and win out and then sweep the playoffs"
"Or a couple decades of oligarchy and corruption, perhaps?"
Wow get out with your modded controller.
"Because we've had so many shows with all-black writers before, it surely can't be any different than the countless shows white people have made about black people at all, right?"
so why is the south netherlands part of america
"I was thinking the same, but apparently this year's theme is 'sexy' :("
Fucking liberals and their constant need for political correctness.
Where is the floppy disk plz halp
A weird forest area like what you see after losing a map
Only if it was Super_Nerd02
"You know they had electricity 100 years ago, right?"
Wiz should really get that mole removed
Bellender Cummerband
"I haven't met him, but I know he's probably most similar to a certain German Chancellor of the 1930s and 1940s who also hated Batman and Superman..."
Yeah cause he's awesome like that
Why is that racist Nazi frog in this meme?
Shut up xenophobe it's a clock obviously
Maybe if we allow for police torture things will get better!
"Snead, Cobb"
ITS PART OF THE LIZARD JEWISH HOMOGAYTM AGENDA TO START WHITE GENOCIDE YOU CUCK
"Because NA is the entire world, no where could possibly be ahead of NA."
Tell a pretty girl she should smile more.
Yep a Richard Branson owned company has no reason to lie regarding Corbyn.
"But but but, the sun is a sun, not a star"
"Thanks, I didn't know that."
"Nah, he did it for the fame."
"I wouldn't imagine so, since it specifically states that it applies Strength's melee damage bonus to projectiles, rather than melee physical damage in general."
Especially if there's 30-40 times more cultists that way
you forgot your
"Keep big E, drop Q...makes sense"
Maybe she stacked 'em?
Aw I was super pumped for Peridot's farming antics!
Why is an AM making a T10 list of pros?
"Great video, but hurry up and get a tagline already!"
Motha-fuckin-tree stars
If we go soft on crime who will protect this innocent little girl from predators like herself?
"Yeah, just let me hate people in peace."
just money.
"The paintball episodes were my favorite, though I died laughing at Ken Jeong in blackface."
"No, pay is still weekly."
Nothing mixes better than guns and alcohol...
Ugly on the inside.
"So, who's this Pierce KG fella?"
typical Libertarian
btw if you sacrifice 10000 of them you will get a special secret icon
PvP balanced as always
Think you forgot the
username checks out
Surprise!
But people without engineering degrees aren't actually people
Should arrest them all and send them to some remote island to live out their lives.
"I mean we just traded for ""literally baby Gronkowski"" from New England, so suck it rest of League"
Fucking campers man....
"What are you talking about, Hard Hitting News and CI funds are on the same level."
"see, the real joke here is playing on a mac"
No the Russians just didn't allow them to tell him.
"Nah, that was a couple of years ago"
Switches explouding too?
god hates jags
"Your Jimmy Carter is an inspiration as a human being, even to those of us on the other side of the Atlantic."
Corral (cause its a jellyfish)
such content very comment inspirational 11/10 revolutionary firefantasy is legend #REKT trickshot confurmt wow so original much feels many points 420Commentit
Semi relevant user name...I think...
It's a dark day when China has the moral high ground over the USA.
"Meh, overwatch."
Pro
Was your neighbor smokey the bear?
$$$$$$$$$$$$
"I think the ideal scenario is getting the 3 seed, beating the Redskins at home, going to the Georgia dome and winning, letting the Seahawks upset the Cowboys, then beating the Seahawks at home."
HIGH ENERGY EICHENWALD!
"I've checked your suggestion, but it turns out that the music player app actually gets turned off instead of just pausing the song played because it doesn't appear in my recent apps list anymore."
"Try FL Studio, there's a free version, and some of the official rippers use it."
"Yup, that body is definitely not ~real~!"
"Let us know if you need someone to chew your food for you, too."
All this drilling got my dick feeling like a power tool
Just like they drew it up.
But that wouldn't be meming him.
This game isn't over yet Super EE confirmed?
"Yeah, Game of Thrones, known for its being such a horrible adaptation"
Again?
Who's Hath?
I bet an AMA from a random Dutch guy would be interesting
whoosh
maybe it's not worth the cost.
I believe it's called campaigning.
"Oh, so *nothing*"
Bernie is an independent health food store.
You could always see that it's x2 Silverware Golems by looking at the board
Young people that don't vote.
Because emails...
And SCOTUS.
THIS IS BEAR TERRITORY
PSU: BOOOOOM sounds fitting
"Yeah, one problem with that, as soon as north korean soldiers cross over into south korea and see things like running, water, electricity, and living conditions that are better than post-earthquake Haiti, they'll just defect, lol."
Like a children's charity ran by Jared Fo-oh shit no that happened too.
You dropped a
Wave off the lights
"UR Storm runs 3 Shivan Reef - this will be tonnes better, especially seeing how life loss is a big problem for storm with eidolon in most burn decks"
"Well it's an old or handicapped person, you don't want to steal from them, that takes a piece of your soul away."
She's the purest
I see what you did there!
At least now they do have quite a lot of time to prepare for visas...
Racist is as racist does.
Turtle was one of the few good things that came out from TSM in S3 Worlds.
Or fertilizer and pesticides cost rise to the point where no one wants to grow corn.
"Na, its definitely rock and roll"
"No worries, were about to vote good ole Hillary-buddy-buddy-with-the-Saudis into office... Surely this criminal government of ours will change!"
it's what CNN says so it must be right
this guy gets it
"Buma en Samson zie ik wel, ik kan alleen Jezus niet vinden?"
A bush within a bush?
"My best advice is, 'There is always a C4 at spawn'."
Taupe?
"No it is still: Dear white male students, go Fuck yourselves because you are the problems for all of the above."
Yeah laughing mockingly is totally not an insult.
That's an excellent metaphor for what's happening to Roush.
"the comment they deleted had been given gold 9 times, r/news and trying so hard to cover up that people actually support going against democrats"
"so it's not that it can't happen, it's just unlikely?"
We need a turnover here
Yeah and the ones that don't mind kind of laugh and say they are sorry but they can't read your fanfic.
grumio was a great man
He was such an incredible diplomat during his time at the U.N.
"Oh, you mean he totally said anything to get elected and now he isn't prepared for the job?"
"I noticed that he had posted whining about shotguns before, so I decided to take a look."
That and Sean Murray!
I need
It's actually Der white pride.
It the theological version of PMS
I've been bitching since the penalty shot.
Hitler thought he was doing the right thing though
Methinks you haven't had the pleasure of systemd.
but can it run minesweeper?
The patriarchy strikes again!
"The ol narb, no apparent reason boner, it'll get ya when ya least expect it"
The human eye cant see over part 1 anyways.
Some of us opt to not comment just for the sake of commenting.
Did you try muting it?
"Different shades of green would still look different in black &amp; white, though."
This article is full of evidence.
His mind is definitely out of him.
Aeroplane tickets that buy themselves.
"Good point, I forgot about the scorpions"
4-0 is better than 87-0
Pretty much.
PHD = Pitifully hairless dome.
"I was going to say, 5pm seems like a weird start time."
Sweetest hangover ever
"Well, one contender already has both"
no blue means ice which means it will run faster than red.
It's easier than the bear fucking exam.
White bear is both my favourite twist and episode though.
are we talking about the pumpkin or still talking about his balls?
I think fucking story mode is due
"Sarcasm, right?"
Dez didn't catch it
Yeah the German military has no other connotations.
It had to be done..... Sorry/Not Sorry
"Nobody has ever gotten burned by an interesting looking ""pre-alpha"" game."
I miss the Progressive Greens.
objective-Coding is the future according to the time magazine!
Coming back with a key or combination is a good way to get caught.
so the terrorists are green
"Well, I'd guess that they started talking again"
Vi Poppy Fiora
Oh no doubt like i said its no fort knox but if your house caught fire youd be in decent shape
pick the seeds off and plant them individually
FAKE NEWS
Do you look like Joseph Merrick?
Spawning 700 pets was obviously intentional
In my state all you need is a name + DOB to look up voter registration info
*At least* I like Mysterion.
"Sorry, you can't like vineyard vines here."
Nah he padded his stats in sudden death OT bro
Street cleaners.
"Now take that feel, multiply it by 1,000 and that's what liberals feel like everyday since November 8th."
"Prrrretty sure he's talking about the headstrap on the HMD, not the controller straps."
"It's the Crystals-and-Hearts Trial boss, obviously."
"Fair, although I do think there is a certain loss of emphasis, but that's just my opinion."
Forgot to add that
"They didn't like him because he was a Democrat, not because he was mixed race"
you should edit your post then.
no CPU - ez game ez life
Someone mentioned in another thread they don't do business in those states because of some agreement with local ammo retailers.
Technically Christmas IS a holiday
What game is this?
It is funny how all of them misspelt the word spelt
also want to know - how did the mid-size SUV endup barreling into the garage!
"Yeah, every day I count my blessings that we didn't elect HRC who would have lead us into wars on day one!"
You are not so smart
"Yes, because military innovation that trickles down into consumer technology is terrible, amirite?"
I'd definitely pay 15 or 20 bucks to have a campaign DLC for siege.
Absolutely.
they need to sit Rivers too... I don't want another Drew Brees incident
LOLZORZ FUNI POST
They should just continue to plant American flags everywhere That should prevent Turkey going after them.
Goddamn heroes of the Pacific theater.
Voting the way you want is white privilege
"Would be quite the redemption story if it does happen, considering how Hartley missed out on the last Lions tour"
I think you missed his
This guy has 2 computers and he is farming revive XP like this
Wasn't Tinkle though?
Eeeey thats pretty salty
Cruisinaire rods
Spam laugh and watch people lose their shit over some kid on the internet laughing over a video game.
Real smart fans wait till halftime to buy a ticket for pennies on the dollar
Get off Reddit then!
True but that thing sucks balls
Do you have power going to the CPU?
"He doesn't need to shift up any more gears, so he used his hand to release the chute."
And the worst part is it makes my gold farming a lot slower
"Yeah, they have to escape that third world hellhole known as France"
I'm sure the bikers would listen to them
"With all due respect, I think a good many people would disagree"
"Yes, let me pay reparations even though my ancestors are from Wales and didn't come to America til post Civil War."
Smoke more to treat it!
"I guess it worked though - he and the Muslim passengers lived, and the Christians died...."
"That's what this game needed to be, pay to win!"
But nobody plays this game anymore
Prince of Persia is very well done
What is Aleppo?
B-but they're not parallel to each other!
Why would Kizer be on the list when Kelly wants to bench him?
Here's your number: 4 Go at blizzard with that number and teach them to balance!
"If they did that, how would everyone be able to kill the smart players?"
Oh ya because the government needs more of our money for sure.
"My apologies, I got lost in the reply threads and thought yours was one of the replies to my first comment."
Maybe being reminded of this phenomenon of desperately impoverished Asian women marrying just plain desperate white men will make them question the toxic roots of afwm relationships.
"She's not spending every waking moment sitting at her computer waiting to reply to him, duh."
"Apparently when you're in a minority group, its okay to make fun of it."
"I dunno, Google WiFi really blew my socks off."
"No, he just wants arrest all the Japanese."
Sounds like a good use of helicopters to me!
Mad scientist was from Naxx by the way.
The_Donald
Glad to see Wheeler's contract is projected to almost double from his current $540k as he has really earned it.
Aye Aye Type IV reporting!
Ya but clearly this is different and there are no strings attached to the massive donations and speaking fees paid
I am sure her parents were just those politically convenient Catholics that were bastardizing the faith
time to ruin my rep
"But they are just kissing, so why would that matter?"
"Yeah man the old dude was pretty much the sponsor of ethnic cleansing and genocide a few times in the Old Testament, theres absoloutely no reason you cant appreciate the finer arts of slaughter."
I can't wait to see this vid on CNN
Maybe too much other stuff on the terrorists plates right now?
this meta
"I'm not even impressed by this anymore, because he does it every game."
"Yeah, only poor alcoholics ride bicycles."
You were using a sniper that's why
Is it possible to report them to Tesla so they can contact them to move their car?
do it
So glad I traded my 2017 3rd Round pick for him 2 weeks ago Good thing I have James White to back him up....
"Oh you Trumpsters, going on about Hillary rigging our election like some crazy conspiracy theorists!"
HAHAHA CAUSE HUMA IS IN CHARGE OF ANTHONY'S DICK
That's a great Clutch Time shirt.
having a stroke.
You just got one from Director Comey.
"He didn't say they weren't better with Grier than without... lol but to that point, even Grier-less Florida hung with Bama."
And what is his address and social security number?
Is this a bot for real
"But can Olivia Wilde last in the horrible realities of being a straight, white male in the United States?"
You act like that's shocking
"check in videos, there should be a folder call pictures and inside there is camera roll"
Steak
"Considering that sword that you get from the gnome warrior quest is deliberately moggable by all, I'd say working as intended."
I thought it was a colander.
"Nah, Nagato is pretty fine even without Manual Secondaries, but her damage potential isn't really that good because her casemate secondary guns fire an AP shell, and not HE."
"Dude, you can walk in with ""back pain"" and walk out with opiates."
Gotta love the non-musician crapping on successful musician posts.
First time I've heard a player talk about this and actually take responsibility for willfully abusing the drug instead of blaming everything on the drug or on the league for giving them access.
Which one of the 5 do you think Kerr is going to bench when there's four minutes left in a do or die game?
And now for the news!
did you try the fix i edited in the post?
"Jewish men,"
Seems like Kislev played a bit too much Borderlands today.
This is taking the fake speed limit signs in apartments to a new level of desperation.
thank you and yes
Love: Jodi Hate: Josephine
"most likely, but it must be an irrelevant nation anyway."
Considering the games fan base Allah Akbar ?
Its true
So when you run out of flags...?
"Make sure to read up on some of the fights, a few mechanics can kill max level if you don't know how it works"
Did the Pope forget radical Muslims hate Christians?
Yes ... but only in 99 years.
VAMO A CALMARNO
Well I don't want to talk to anybody about anything on this shit website unless they have a PhD in that field or they are a 5 star general.
"Yea, Icebreaker really is the Soviet Death Traps, its been debunked for decades but people STILL bring it up all the time."
dicks out
They might still be OK...
Yeah.. Have him get it message me his employee numbers
Why is the school floating?
Please don't shit the bed right out of halftime like we did in game 1.
It's tough because it's like comparing apples to oranges who can't protect the rim.
"They're definitely not, but I'm not sure OP knew that when he wrote this wyr."
Do I need the
Well there's your problem.
"Hey, he was ECW Champion!"
This is like kids returning home after a messy divorce and being asked which parent they want to live with.
It does bring up the question of *why* it was even made though.
"Iirc they said Geralt's adventures are done, but they may do some other games with totaly different characters or something else, the world is rich enough for it to work, I hope at least."
"But Obama isn't black, he's white."
FFS It's been years and that still makes me want to cry like the little bitch I am.
40% taxes between cali and fed at 40k sounds pretty close.
But I was just having some fun!
Wouldn't OP have to get service from wherever this woman is?
Fireflies - Owl City
"Update: It's officially out in most stores now, and it's good."
4 arrows is alot?
"Their definition of ""being treated badly"" is always ""didn't get laid by lurking around the female of my choice""."
SAME MAN HATCHED AT 231 BUT IT'S AT 600ISH NOW AYYYY
I was hoping to hear gunshots after he got out.
Stay classy Wisconsin
Title FTW #didnotedit
"Mind Control + Triple Tap, ignoring how vulnerable it makes your own heroes :P"
Its shiny colors will be neon purple and diarrhea green.
Especially for people like me whose team seems to be in the minority in their town.
"Wait, are you for this meme or against this meme I can't tell who you're mad at."
"Krups F203, but I let it run a few extra seconds for espresso."
Spread
"Yeah, but you're a figment of your imagination too, so welcome to the matrix."
woah...
Jesus
Ewww why did you not just choose **either** medicine **or** research then?
"That my friend, is the 'gravitas' settling."
Kind of the story of her campaign.
The mom sounds like a fat whale
"Great info, thanks!"
I can't wait to pick up a ZEA Bats for $7.64!
Honestly these just look like new apartment buildings
What's you're least favorite pedal?
It's an Eminem joke I think
Thats nothing a gallon of gravy won't fix!
Turnovers don't count.
6 Things I Learned At A School Run By Fundamentalist Maniacs = Things I Learned At A School Run By Maniacs.
We could always do the classic French knights vs English bowmen but we already know how that turns out
"Thanks, I've been watching your MBLD vids and they're really motivating"
I thought they did nominate literally hitler?
kys
Monopolies ftw!
An economy based on endless consumption is unsustainable.
There is a green hill far away...
It could just be something along the lines of hey people are listening to you guys today on the internet so keep it classy.
"FailRace does Beamng at times, he mostly does Forza and GTAV though."
"Thats because 90-95% of the Bernie supports will vote for her, just wait."
Spotify sends a test voltage through the potentiometer in the speaker knob to see if your music is *actually* playing.
It is now more an epic with a proc.
One might infer that his CPU and GPU get hot enough that the surrounding area would be warmer than the melting point of hot glue.
"But I am the centre of the universe, so you have me to blame"
douche move
That's weird since everything else on this map is accurate..
Pointing out that a woman is lying is sexist
"Candidates shouldn't be judged on the things they do or say, they should only be judged on how I *feel*."
"C'mon, it's NASA... If they can allegedly put a man on the moon can't they figure out this simple little problem?"
"Ok then, how about Ahsoka."
"If they're that aware of their health and the location of heals, they're already in the top 10% of players."
"Don't know why he's down the order, quality all-rounder talent wasted"
[You have to go rescue her as part of the DH class hall quest line.]
Yeah it would totally work.
Updoot for contracts and calcium
....
Why are you wasting your time shooting at your team's D.Va?
"God only promised no more floods that would completely eradicate almost all of humanity, duh you heathen!!!!"
How dare you put a 9gag post on Reddit!
Lol ok
"Wow, way to assume gender roles OP"
I hope I live that long by some miracle
"Yeah but it's not enough because the sentence isn't ""life in prison"""
"Unrelated, congrats on dropping 100!"
"No, no, whataboutism is totally fine if it's used against China."
"Atleast we now know why saunders have been slumping since the ASB, he knew this lawsuit was coming and had to stop toking"
The 2nd floor is for floating omnics only
But he said he wasn't being selfish!
Lucia top tier
Slightly more general than it should: this is my favorite subreddit.
Didn't see that coming
The animatronics carrying guns.
Yeah because you guys don't go crazy when your national team is in the world cup.
Just eat around it
Must-a-mine is a mobile game about mining to the center of the earth.
Tips on bacon preservation?
"don't worry, the first stage of grief is denial ;)"
Because everyone can predict down to the second what will happen to them so they can plan everything perfectly
Money $pent
But that's Galilea
wasnt silver surfer wasn't wavy enough
bring your own peanut butter
to edgy for me
Its only okay if it's Bernie Sanders
she could be the first prez without a security clearance.
Bless their fat wallets.
"Yeah man, the ~5 seconds it takes to delete a bounty is game breaking."
"Oh yes, because it's SO bad they found a way to add some semblance of fun to EV training"
"Clearly it's the surprise reveal of the falcon, reach DMR, pro pipe, and invasion, and a complete remaster of Halo: Reach for free to make up for MCC"
They have the London Wasps!
Giant cookie.
"No no, the song wasn't political and it was amazing"
They do that because they care more about the customer than they do about money.
C1 was easy so FP1 will be easy too!
"Maybe Jon is secretly not a Targaryen, but from whatever country you are from, and is just waiting for the big R+L=J reveal like the rest of us to put the saying into practice."
My friends mom pulled a shotgun on his ass.
Well let's hope we don't have any injuries or suspensions at CB during the tournament...
"Yes but you see a lot of critics don't like it, so of course that means if a critic doesn't treat it like garbage on a hot day they're not worth listening to"
Tighten your helmet dude
Looks like we found Humbert Humbert.
you forgot the
Can't believe you can survive on a sandstone stair
"When will people understand, wooing is for damsels, maidens (fair or otherwise) are courted."
He wasnt smiling enough.
"Racist,misogynist,xenophobe, how disgusting he do this using this tragedy to further his political agenda!"
Should be posted in r/wtf
"Yeah go ahead and contact Apple, they'll help"
I look forward to the day when he gets to cast a tournament again.
It's happening!
If his fat ass tried swiming he would sink.
"If it's natural, god decided it."
Fix this by not voting for the libs this time heeyyy cunt
"What are you talking about, every young attractive woman is lonely and single and just desperately waiting for some kind gentlesir to take an interest in them on the subway."
"Yeah it's almost like roads follow a predictable pattern of decay, needed repairs/construction, and we have a limited transportation budget."
"Yeah, essentially he single handed told the economists and the companies that leaving EU is a good idea."
"BUT WE ALREADY HAVE AN OPIATE EPIDEMIC, WEED WILL MAKE IT WORSE"
Crossfit Mayhem.
You have your Championship now you can sell everyone off and coast on the win for a decade.
They're basically a showmance at this point
I'd say white knighting is still a form of sexism.
"Ah but you see, the difference here is, they're not forcing a piece of chocolate down your throat, unlike religion."
Darn society and their morality laws
hey its me ur brother
Because men were pigs even then.
Th steering sphere will be far superior to the steering wheel
Bill Clinton hacked the polls!
Couldn't you just use manual focus?
No one ever said it would fit properly.
Thank you.
wow quality post you have there.
"Luck is an amazing talent that would fit into grudens offence with minimal adjustment from gruden, from that perspective it makes perfect sense."
I'm trying to decide which side is more masterbatory.
Just in Case
Didn't he straight up call Trump a pussy?
Also songbirds: don't forget Sanders won the songbird vote.
Holding
"It's not just Superman Returns, there are so many people that dismiss him as a boy scout or invincible [read: boring] and with Injustice's popularity, people seem fascinated with the idea of a Superman that goes against everything he's meant to represent"
There was a complete line but a few jumped away.
Are we gonna make Biiiiscuitss?
"I don't use reddit I find that very hard to believe, especially if you are trying to promote something that has a large reddit presence."
"You know what, you're absolutely right They deserve each other"
I've enjoyed Spongebob Squarepants at every age.
Smith &amp; Wesson Holding Corporation stock is doing quite well so maybe you are onto something.
I refer you to the report and the recommendations therein.
"Man what a cool guy, I wish I could be a vaping edgelord like him"
"Lol, well said."
"Bitch, you don't like the mood I set, set yo own!"
So the answer to that is more missiles?
"Well, you don't exactly seem like the sort of person who thinks about the consequences of his actions."
21 Trillion*
*rimshot*
Top tier twat.
I really doubt that since its not even close to being correct.
I'm getting queen bee vibes from Natalie but I haven't actually seen her be mean yet.
"And I wouldn't have clicked it too, if it weren't for you meddling Redditors!"
ok
"No team queues, replay save and match history in hearthstone"
Can a blender deflect a Genji?
Thank you so so so much ;-; you are an angel
"Great, now i have an erection..."
"Fuck, I was 2 minutes late, thanks, phone Fuck fuck fuck Congrats to who won it."
Dam must have been so amazing
Yeah cuz Curry didn't whine or dive the entire playoffs
"No one knows why, since the oceans are all pristine and clear water ..."
And in your seas
Trade my car for an ATV... cuz roads.
"That's fine and all, but some places aren't so big on AC and when you often find yourself in 35 C (95 F) weather or even hotter, then the short sleeves look suddenly seems pretty great."
"the George Lucas' inspired, Disney owned, Rian Johnson's Star Wars: Episode VIII 2017 edition"
If anyone delve deep into this reddit account.
"A. Thats not a big man watch face B. Look at the top right, there's 3 scratches"
Who needs strats When you got rats
B
Talk about how stupid everyone else is.
I know isn't it so insane of Eleague to not allow Sk to field 10 men in a tournament like what a fucking joke.
**FLOAT BOMBER RAVE**
"Maybe you get a little message at the start of Act 4: ""The Duelist's voice returned to its home planet."""
They were never in the game right :/
"I know that in Canada, only semi-automatic rifles are permitted (there are more variables to consider but you get my.point), did your uncle abide by that rule when he came hunting?"
We'd need to test using blue light and caffeine.
Yukinon!
Warn the others about the sniper on top of the buildi
JTag Xbox is cheating man
That's a quality sketch
"Kissssssss No, that doesn't sound creepy at all."
"Kind of, yeah."
In certain states.
My battery is already pretty bad after falling asleep with summoners war on overnight at least 10 times... ._.
"Well, that's going to help a lot."
OP's imaginary friends apparently
It's a KES Kneentendo Entertainment System
Should call the cops to make sure he has a permit to sell beverages in public like that.
"Vezi tu, nu realizarile sunt mici, asteptarile sunt mari..."
My contact was bothering me.
The set has a fixed rarity ratio so it shouldn't be that hard to get everything you need with two boxes.
This is what got me into documentaries
Like living on the edge I see
All the Indian restaurants I've been to in Austin are happy to moderate the spiciness if that's going to be an issue.
Your compassion is a weakness your enemies will not share.
Rock on!
Those are made up words.
"Wait, I thought the MHRM was the hate movement..."
Never realized tracer wore crocs
Oh so that means GSP has abdomen distension.
would be nice
"Personally, I didn't make that assumption."
It's a long story.
adobong mani palang (does that count?)
"Because if we learned anything from the hate the trailer got, it's that youtubers are all willing to give a fair and rational viewpoint, and never jump on a hate train..."
Our greatest obstacle is ourselves in most of these cases.
best brand name ever
A medal to rule them all.
What about the back bib?
Majestic!
"If you feel like it's a shithole, why are you here?"
it's ENTIRELY POSBBILE when dealing with GameFreak lol
At the gift shop or cafeteria?
Hilarious
With antonio on rb we will be fighting relegation next season.
If you dislike this at least have the intellectual courage and honesty to comment.
I'd do GX.
"Any day now, right guys?"
"That's some great proof of hillary's supposed wrong doing, man, it's hard to argue with all that evidence ...."
But it's the pinnacle of power and hardcore speed!
"Honestly though, fuck him."
"At the end it was reading 100kmh when it looked like he was going 20mph max, so you're probably right."
Nobody's name is fucking Beverly
You probably would tell me I was handsome if you thought I'd give you a bigger tip as your client and we all know that just isn't true.
Fabian Castillo
"yeah, that's completely true"
"River's wearing shoes, 5/10"
As long as they're not white!
But it got gold so it must be true
"I do devo/ death toll start and I do it on most gods but especially on gods that have steroids (Rama, Artemis, Jing Wei etc)"
GG without uni can beat BD.
Mad Season is currently working on a second album.
Lol wouldn't catch me giving those coins back
Steam reviews in a nutshell
Maybe they couldn't find a sitter!
Still an adorable puppy I see.
"how could this possibly have gone wrong... no but for real man ouch dude, shouldnt have gone thru with it :/ best of luck"
"Yeah I'm glad now that I got impatient waiting for the PC version and got ps4 instead... It seems like even people with better specs than me are getting awful performance, and my PC is pretty solid at 1080p (i7 4790, GTX 980, 16gb DDR3)"
"Hey, when American declared independence from America we went to war with us, too."
And then you'll have to buy special sized toothpick that's 20$ for 100 pcs.
The Price by Neil Gaiman
He's just saying 9/11 was an inside job
And its the best one too!
"Right it's `vr_renderdistance`, however it wasn't intended to override your settings... I'll file a bug, it should leave it alone if it's not the first run."
"These uppity Big Red types, I tell ya..."
Yesterday I got hit by an underage kid in an ice cream truck while riding my unicycle and juggling some tennis balls
"Oh darn, we don't want to hurt his feelings #Trump2016"
Something is wrong with your machine.
"Man, fuck borders"
You can record your gameplay and play it back in slow motion
Excuse me sirrrrr.... I think you mean soccer balll
You forgot this.
"Each time I see this room, and this room in particular, all I can think of is the ""Mad World"" song playing in my head."
You forgot this:
ive heard wonderful things about SAP
"Just be happy, it is that easy"
"Text wasn't yellow, downvoted"
Payday loans
"Plot twist, the CPS is coming to get him for taking that poor women's baby."
"Yeah, because there's no evidence of him being a liar or anything."
Sameeeeeeee
"Why didn't they build a ""quality bus corridor""?"
"Our DNA is the dictionary for the ""background noise"" to be uncompressed..."
I thing it's because infinite warfare has cod slapped on it
Trojan - Think big.
Uninstaller the Assassin's Creed mod.
"I was going to say that Q would take too long with this format, but with the 3 rounds that it currently has, it may be about the same."
Yeah this movie is totally going to stay true to its roots
Don't believe your lying eyes people.
"Ugh, we all know that microwaving your phone only charges it"
Fake.
"Wow thank you for explaining that, I definitely would have never gotten it."
That's fine but there's nothing that supports your claim.
"Naw, he just means Geese that are Canadian citizens"
"Same, just on a different approach: ""FOR THE GREATER WEEABOO!"""
"40 yards, really, as the field is 40 yards wide!"
Washed up
Maybe if he'd stop crying he'd be able to see the ball and play better
That is like teaching how to bomb the white house!
"Yeah, I wish other companies would do this too, like MSFT, so we can get people off old and compromised systems."
No but I kinda assumed it'd be there.
That's because they are smart and they work hard.
B-but SCP-682 has an anti-erased-from-existence exoskeleton so it can't lose.
I would count it as the best time you could have in customs.
What makes you say that
"Here, you dropped this:"
UK: must be Polish plumbing.
"Shit, I thought the left eye was on the side of the right arm, my bad ^^"
Heureusement qu'il y a Russia Today sinon on aurait que le Figaro pour s'informer en France...
Yeah art is completely emotional and reactionary there's no reason or story behind art
Apparently he should only make as much money as someone who is doing a non skilled job.
yeah men are such pigs
I got them for $100.00.
Because Rotten Tomatoes scores are always completely and objectively right... ALWAYS
"No no that's wiping get your terms straight, we don't want her contradicting her previous statements."
"Yes, people who think they are already the best version of themselves and have no more self improvement to achieve are quite self-aware."
"referring to it as a ""wrong hole"" is homophobic, just saying."
Nah PC did that for you by taking us to triple OT.
Because you guys get all the calls
"You've got to poke-rap it, otherwise there no point"
She's upside down
Now bastion can't be kicked from the game
But it's trans people who are the dangerous ones.
Kanji bro
Because galaxies interact across the vast empyness of space a lot.
Let the banter begin!
No such thing as lobbying in NZ
"Sunshine, it has some fantastic space scenes."
"Yeah man, fuck him and all these goddamn youtubers for having opinions."
its actually battlescarred cant u tell
Those football fans are really getting out of hand now
Probably faking the Mars landing.
We're not allowed to be offended - we're white remember?
"Yes, a company that's made several other games, many of them successful, should go under because of a Kickstarter project that didn't go as planned, despite the fact that that is a well known risk of kickstarters"
It's the ice cream of the future!
What a great time to be working in sewer digging.
They meant spring 2020
At least we've got rid of all those immigrants
"Because they've tortured all the nice guys out of their real life with their ""leading on"" and need to satisfy their relentless female itch to deny gentlesirs access to their sexy bits."
"I mean, I wouldn't eat it... all of her recipes come off of boxes and cans anyway"
Haven't you seen the tremendous work done by his shadow cabinet in their 9 months of office?
REAL WOMEN HAVE CURVES
Nah
Frodo?
The tale of the bad Samaritan.
"Honestly who cares, they'll always buy a fucking shotgun on T-side anyway..."
"Ah yes, because Cruz and Trump support the 2nd amendment, all their batshit insane things go away."
"Yes, how dare these people come into this subreddit and disagree with you!"
"Ikr, because the problem is the chat, not the people themselves"
I would like Pokemon Sun please!
"There are male models, dude... And they really do a lot of money"
abandoned?
"I agree, i wish more devs would do this"
Boo Spooked ya
"Finish my coop contract tomorrow, so drinking with buds for the most part"
Children's Blood
Same with this PC tho?
please tell me this is a joke
"I'm plenty late to the party, but correct me if I'm wrong, you cannot efficiently goblin knife at th8 because you don't have the jump spell?"
God those cliche sailor boy costumes are hot tho...
Yea but how much did the 970 release at
Kool
Looks like water.
If you frequently go to lunch at that time its registered as a good time to update since you wont he using it
"okay, that's obviously where we disagree."
What about soda pop?
"Well if Harambe is looking for dicks out, Tinder seems like the right place."
I hope they are lol.
I hope your mother does all the grocery shopping so you don't even have to leave the house
succ is dead
GifLyfe
But not this one.
"It gets worse, one of the top pro players was in a queue for so long his smite actually crashed"
It's been in a lot of the Dev Q&amp;A's Honestly they're worth listening to.
You dropped your
You unbold Oklahoma right now mister or you're grounded!
Shitter
"Fuck flying, that is all"
dat username though
Didn't that journalist get a ton of shit for that headline?
You dropped this:
"We don't refer to places that are too intolerant to accept our beliefs as legitimate as ""countries"" but rather cesspools."
Deal.
"Yeah, she used makeup on her nose and lips."
the REAL mission has been accomplished!
"Don't compare one mode to another, just don't"
Still not funny if you actually understand what they are saying :/
Oh and I forgot to plug my all time favourite 20th Century Boys.
"s1mple is a quality troll man, way to tease people"
"B de Bolivia, i see what you did there"
"i have 110 regular stickers, disband fast men))"
The true party crasher in this race has been the corporate sector.
go away edgelord
"Fine, 78 3 85 0 for Tanoa Green :p"
Also left handed people suffer from this.
Hahah How about we wait until he retires.
That is always my goal when I make love to a woman.
she seems nice
But that mercy doe
"KJR; it's great, but sometimes makes it a bit too easy to build a ridiculously tall rocket."
I still can't understand how you don't go crazy playing competitive with that high of ping
Android debug bridge
"Yeah, just terrible teams."
"when is dx12 becoming a standard tho, i hate having to run my 295x2 on one gpu -_-"
"Thank you, kind stranger."
"15,000 years is a pretty good track record, I'd say."
But Adblock only let's through nonintrusive ads!
Rib Connoisseur*
More flames
He was quoting what he was told by a woman from BLM as a launching platform for his point .....
Not really surprising considering the number of white people that think that they're the ones being truly oppressed.
"Parks, parks, and more parks."
"/unjerk Serious question, why does this subreddit hate rust so much?"
It was Heroes Unlimited and they changed it from a Major to a minor power.
"Could have just as easily been Bay Street Mall in Emeryville, CA."
Fella'd be liable to sell a gun if he lets folks handle them.
"Agreed, but it is still a good deal"
good job missing the point!
"The problem is faith, because faith is a terrible reason for belief"
"Wait, you don't think Uncle Dan has some insightful commentary for Obama about race?"
Are y'all pissed off because your atheists or because you never had any rough housing as a kid?
FaZe placing T4
Hes almost 90..... Its just like.. Let it go dude.
"If ever I saw a redundant question on reddit, this is it"
That's because they have real jobs they aren't collecting scrap metal and calling dumpster diving a job
No it works on Louie roid i have one myself
"Misogyny is bad, misandry don't real."
And the constant waves of enemies is always fun
Yes because your Miranda rights aren't read out to you when arrested laying out your rights very clearly at all!
"no, because the government is special for some reason"
You are welcome
if u go to features/options there is a bar called myplayer where u can edit him
His mother is Portuguese that's why he have Portuguese name.
"I'm sorry but that was literally my motive, other things played into it, but that was the primary reason I bit the bullet."
Over Sevilla's dead body!
"Nah dude, game is broken, Blizzard ruined everything, they hate us all, my class is garbage because i dont understand it, pvp is crap now (I have no pvp talents but who cares), GG Blizzard"
Yea that cop seems like he is starting to unhinge a bit.
"Come on, those guys clearly spend 70 hours every week prepping"
"He isn't as good as Montana or Brady, so he's fucking useless."
"I mean if they have a whole year to work on it, how badly can they fuck up?"
On top of grass...
"Smith didn't produce propaganda for an oppressive, authoritarian theocracy."
Thanks Oabama!
"If you're ever told that vaccines aren't 100% safe, remember, neither are seat belts, and we still use those."
Taking a digestive enzyme with ATP should help with this.
its not infinite--try living in California
"From what I've learned, he gets VERY aggressive when dismounted."
How long does an enterprise certification last ?
Taught that slut a lesson.
"Kids today, sheesh."
Midnight in Paris Big Fish Nebraska
Yes sir!
"They actually got silent while his two friends laughed, probably because I'm always quiet."
"when you're dealing with such huge numbers thats not robbing, thats business and law loopholes, not anyone's fault"
I can't put into words how badly I want this =/
"Oh no, did the scientists doing science ruin the video that was clearly filmed just for your entertainment?"
"Yes, but everybody already knows the New York Post is a liberal publication!"
You sound like you know what you are talking about
What high-energy and sensible people who are clearly not racist and would never advocate racist policies!
CHRISTIIIIIIINA
"Fuck yeah, Keanu FTW!"
Thank you!
+1
Check for sore marks on her knees.
I love Murakami but any writing of his that mentions love just rips my heart out because of the explanation you gave.
NO THOSE ARE ASSAULT GUNS WE CAN'T HAVE THEM IN THE STREETS
HE'S CLEARLY A LOSER
Witsel and Mata.
Tastes like caramel and that weird aftertaste from licking envelopes
ill be honest id be pissed as hell if we lost 2-1 but we won 1-0 so im fine
This is what happens when you masturbate too much
"they aren't random, they always spawn closer to the enemy team"
Well there goes my tattoo idea!
IT guys arent ever busy anyways
"Biz, Dorian, Jared Jones-Smith, and Officer would be my guesses."
"ah, i guess i forgot the"
not sure if
Just in time for the final DLC!
1 more time
Thanks b
"yeah, they were all happy to have work and were well feed, I'm sure"
"He's like a new signing, but free"
That's the lamest flame thrower ever.
"Yeah because when I'm commiting crimes, I want a getaway vehicle that only comes once every 20-30 minutes."
Legal with a tax stamp
Is there NEW Roger Dean art?
I didn't know there was a garage sale going on in Libya
He made his pants into a rope to get over the fence obviously.
Here's hoping for Lost Swords 2 everyone
"Someone's recently saw 'Nerve' it seems like, how much money were you offered for this dare?"
jetpacks
Your mom was amazing.
just because you can doesn't mean you should....
"That's a nice ""Make America Great Again"" hat you've got on!"
"Hey, our marketing agency played twice this week brah"
How surprising.
Winston
"Yeah, trying to prevent serious brain injuries with lifelong consequences is for pussies!"
Because Asians are more privileged than whites!
"I would make some snappy political remark and jazz you with my knowledge, but I realize now that I don't know enough about politics to comment."
The cost/benefit relationship is top secret!
I'm just surprised you hadn't noticed this before lol
"It's simple: we need to search our hearts and dig deep for some empathy here, and show more tolerance for those who view other people as subhuman."
This would have worked better the other way round to be honest...
But your eyes can't even see 100 tick rate so we don't need it!
"This is interesting, I had been wondering for a while what happened with that agreement."
Congrats to HRC for having the foresight to not launch Clinton U.... Now I'll vote Clinton
you seem to be answering to the wrong post.
Gotta make that safe space.
Monstercat Orchestral Suite
thats *never* happened to me as zaryla...
"Yeah, those can't be changed instantly."
How is he not in yours?
Dude it's ok because they work hard
Bitch had it coming to her....8 babies *mumble mumble*
"Careful, when it hits zero and you CBF breathing it becomes terminal"
"Having lived in Germany for a bit, if I saw German colors followed by SS, I'd get a little nervous."
CHECK YOUR PRIVILEGE SHITLORD!
$760.99
My lifelong republican grandparents and uncle voted and donated to bernie.
Ya the Warriors have really been screwed this game
HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE A HOMOPHOBE YOU GUYS!
should have used
I had no idea Asians played on English language servers.
"Rome is in Italy, not Germany."
Not Re:Zero or Kiznaiver
"It's sort of off the West Rim trail, Phantom Valley is part of the canyoneering route for Heaps Canyon."
Captain America x Iron Man is my FAVORITE abusive relationship!
Nothing a little shiplap can't fix
I bet no one saw that coming
"Woah, spoiler alert!"
Sonic CD.
Wow that sounds like it's really worth my time
Well white Christians are the most persecuted minority in America right now.
"Yep, because everyone should be judged on whether or not they are a good guy by their actions when they were 16"
Ugh that's going to fade so quickly though
"[](/applederp) Since it's coming out in 2017, it would have to beat 2 Pixar movies, but one of those is another Cars movie, so we might have a chance."
We can trade out Mexico and throw in Canada as a sweetener.
Halloween Update 2 Confirmed.
this video is only viewable in Europe ;)
Wait for another 4 months and it might fix itself.
"Shit, we might not make the playoffs now...."
I heard you have great sports fans
"i'll have a look, thanks bro."
classic democrat cuck
You sure we're not the same person?
"Looks like Tesla does not want any of the legal responsibilities associated with full autonomous cars, so a wheel will be present for a long time just in case the driver wants or needs to instantly take over."
Gods of Egypt will make a strong showing in that category
"He is gross, but it's a predictable response when you're sharing your bathroom stories on facebook."
You simply dress it up with *more* Chardonnay
"or zoom out in map view and exit map view, works for me."
"And of course, after the trebuchet, next comes the armoured car with machine gun firing; everyone knows that is the OP weapon :|"
"The OF didnt even have the ball when he passed 3rd so he should be sent, even with the Castro non-wheels."
"I wouldn't fault Kikis too hard considering nobody on G2 looked good, plus they had all of the internal issues with Emperor and Hybrid so it's not fair to fault him too hard."
"No, he really isn't..."
I'm not sure what you're getting at.
man I'm pretty jelly those hoses looks sweet around there.. no to mention the table!
Exactly.
That's quite possibly the most dangerous thing that a human can do.
"Vegemite rules, peanut butter cups suck."
Polnareff's bizarre *bathroom* adventures
Me either
"If the consumer learns what DRM is, we've already lost --someone who's name I forgot"
"If you're angry to the point of someone saying ""hey calm down a bit"" and you respond by yelling at them, yeah I'd say in a disproportionate response"
this reminds me when i was at pre-school *nostalgia*
fucking typical EA...releasing 2 Brandon Marshall cards in teh same promo.
Not sure what you mean?
"To be fair, they call it a Eurostep even though Manu popularized it at he isn't European either"
"No, if you were planning on getting divorced you shouldn't have started up a game"
Got a gun on my head
This sub is going to dick.
I guess cookie felt we needed to practice fielding double plays today since we've completed so few of them so far this season
Rumors are that he might do an independent bid (in order to tank Trump).
I have only read the synopsis of the movie and seen the trailer but for some reason seeing this poster makes me smile and cry at the same time.
"They have millions of emails of people who made donations, so even without a dnc list, I think they have a very good starting point for activism"
Chee-Wees are too oily
THANK YOU!
"Ah, thanks :P."
"Dogs like ""Screw cooking it drop that shit right in my bowl raw"""
"If Arch's install process is not to your taste, you could use Antergos or Manjaro to speed that part up."
Procrastination
And the bus is being driven by the Trump campaign.
What is a Yinzer?
God damned height privilege.
"Finally, a REAL Muslim posts on Reddit!"
Hooooooly moly those words
jay z - 99 gromlems
And I'm sure they go to r/politics and link posts from Breitbart.
that was the first thing i tried.
:( dey look damn smexy doe
If you can't keep your own house clean you have no right to criticize others.
"They have to fear those mean death threat sending bullies from reddit, so it's important that they be 'inclusive' and make sure they show Diggle in their posts!"
Are his supporters going to boo Ryan's name again?
The friendzone is prison on steroids
Drastic times... I'd rather one man go full retard than a black girl become Iron Man
Islam isn't a race.
This is a sick deal for the price.
"EtisalatAE, Apparently its per month, Never hit it before though, but I assume its because people here have HUGE families, etc."
Just in time to get a passport after Brexit.
Bush's legs!
"yes, all slavic people drink vodka continuously"
Is this shopped or what is up with her giraffe neck?
"I dunno, most microwave meals don't have literal shit in them."
"Well, your money, your choice."
Genius
"Its one of my favourite exotics at the moment SGA and the raid mg are the only heavies I use now, pfffft - forgot what the lmg reload animation is"
Bickerstaff
Sounds like your version of the TV License.
Mom of the year right there.
"So weird, I didn't hear that Jill Stein had dropped out..."
That should hopefully be squashed at the next patch.
Don't forget that time he got framed for trying to kill Roger Rabbit!
You dropped this:
yea he also should have asked for her permission to say hi
Too soon!
T-shirts so you can give free marketing to a company whose product was shit.
People use their phones whoa this is news.
"Yep, becoming an alcoholic is so much better."
"Our sun is dying and has been dying since it was ignited, fire will be what kills the Sun."
You guys are really making me want to watch this movie now!
"The thing is the game client sends device ID, unofficial API requests shouldnt include it afaik"
"That's very strange, but alright, close enough I suppose"
This is so original how did you come up with this?
We
"Well, I guess you get both with HRC?"
You forgot the
"They refuse to even consider him for a vote due to his scandalous associations - he was once seen with the President of the United States, after all."
You forgot the
"Twin Lakes, Wisconsin?"
$1000 best buy ones make the image sooo much clearer
"We're not presently at war, might as well get rid of the military as we have no current use for it"
"Sure man, same as they'll ban Microsoft and Google because they do not apply the European standards of data safety."
"The officer had to have been getting a contact high from his odor, like when they start to get intoxicated from a drunk person's breath."
"Yeah, PCOS is thought to both cause weight gain and be a consequence of weight gain."
Thaphireth
Hamilton leading the championship....
"Rumor has it that he thought of donating a plate of cookies, then stepped back."
"Sadly, no, we sold the ones he still had left to pay for the unique coffin, which was chair shaped."
"I'm pansexual Well anything you can get you won't turn that down, wonder why"
Lol now he'll come around.
You're aware JFK died before we went to the moon right?
Who pulled the trigger?
He's playing 3D Donalds and Dragons
Its like they know what's going to happen...
Because three more days will change it from unfinished to perfectly polished right?
Montana too
So many hours spent on Insaneaquarium...
i would've loved to see fucking batman making quips
I think I'll do Techno Viking.
Corsair 400C
Das sind bestimmt auch die Leute die sich auf GAR KEINEN Fall Aufzeichnungen auf Youtube anschauen und alles nur Live anschauen
Scraps of the flesh of the formerly rich you mean...
"Yeah, but they banned Milo, so Twitter's curbing harassment."
Cheese Land on original GBA
But then you missed the awesome free style rap in the center of it!
"Ofcourse, I can jam 26 humans into a mono-white vial list, but it won't be DnT, and being human or not doesn't really matter there anyways."
Yes because everyone here is totally responsible and planned the attack.
Stab gobs would be a good replacement imo
"he shouldn't be worry then...easy fight, right eddie?"
Clearly the throws he made were all easy
WHat if Scott sends us a link?
"Dude, you obviously just don't like him because he's such a positive dude, and you're just a negative nancy and will probably blow your brains out."
"Voting for Obama is a vote against Hillary, you misogynist."
That's sexist!
You forgot the
"Yes, obviously something is wrong with all of Japan because of this incident."
I love you.
Hahah
get a horse.... have fun
"Because we're the best team ever in any sport , duh"
I bet she's evolved on her position on FGM.
My source says they are going to be the Cruiserweight and 3-man tag championships.
LIKE VENOM MINE SOMBRA IS WIDOW'S SISTER CONFIRMED
Different attitudes I guess.
Fucking edgy aren't you?
First person animations are just far too immersive
If only he explained it in the GIF itself
git gud
this is a new and exciting question
"I mean, she and Jatalie have put in so much work in maintaining their bond with NiCorey this week, why should she be worried?"
Let me help you by adding:
The next SJW cry for a dead animal over a human.
You forgot the
Damn you must be bummed
FOG YEAH
damn i wish i could fit my girlfriend's sneakers
"no, im pretty sure it was recursion"
"Get outta here with your logic and reasoning, they're too sound."
"Well, let's be fair here... He TOTALLY has like 1.5 arms..."
Yeah the massive fucking power plant couldn't be moreefficient than a car engine
Because fucking your ex is ALWAYS a good idea...
"KILL IT WITH FIRE, ITS SO UGLY OMG"
I'll carry you to the lighthouse if you send $60 to my Paypal.
"not scanning, but connect them with a objective data (building collapsing)"
After the hair/makeup I mistook the creeper FOR my mother in law
My roommate has a japanese style bed that sits on the floor i only ever hear when shes moaning loud enough to hear through walls
"yeah, only idiots would expect everything to work properly if they bought a new car."
"Free speech, like the invisible hand, is a race realist and will run away from **da blakz**."
But...but... Free college and healthcare will save this country
He might not throw a molly to lose the round.
The back side of the Ottawa Airport is a very hostile environment which closely mimics operational conditions
I think yall are racists against people from Karim.
Poor people don't deserve hobbies.
"Yeah.. cause LeBron would have such a tough time if he was on the spurs, warriors, blazers, thunder, clippers...."
Maps are completely bad and shouldn't be in the game in any way or form
"shizos are evil, duh!"
"Same car, just a lean dispenser on the dashboard."
"OMG, I cannot handle the cuteness in this pic."
What phone is that?
"I use the terms libertarian left and authoritarian left, personally."
Thanks for making my day internet stranger!
What a great link that makes this exact argument
"But doing this one super weird trick helped a few strangers online, so it must work for you!"
I'm not really familiar with that one
I'd rather buy an oven
"Well, it's nice to know that they leave all of that behind when they emigrate to Western countries."
"Thank you for your wisdom, genius."
"BECAUSE TRUMP IS A RACIST, MISOGYNISTIC, FUCKING WHITE MALE!"
"Well, we know they're all gonna!"
OK LEAVE THEN LOL
Yep.
We have the privilege of supporting rapists.
Well I guess this proves that gun bans work?
That's an amazing stat considering this game is dying so fast.
Yes but Apple perfected it
idk man the gameplay has been getting better but I feel like the community's just shrunk so much since the launch was so bad on PC that probably contributes to a lot of the matchmaking problems.
I guess we are going to have this sort of post every single trading day now :(
"No this is just a character, see he's so immersed in the hardvapour narrative you don't realize this is all constructed."
"No, you can just see all the sun's craters is all"
Yes That's what I meant
"I like to shorten it to ""slut"""
Same place I keep your sister.
"The gym is just one way to be fit, i think those people have trouble getting any exercise because gym is one of the easiest!"
"Has the money, why not?"
Brownshirts for ~~President Snow~~ Hillary!
Obviously Genji cause Ninja and stuff
Irony of it.
Have the venue staff call the police
That's jawsome.
Honestly I'd fancy Adelaide over GWS
I know ... I like the smell.
"He started out strong, then he whipped out the pseudoscience like it was nothing."
I sont think gay people should be allowed to live.
I thought she was criticising the other party for using the courts to get her money.
Powersave let's you save as many as you want and only need 1
"Oh, right."
Well that lock Ness is a tricky bastard.
No
"I think calling them ""meter maids"" is a bit fucked, no?"
Woosh
Nerf Popcap
Where is Vince McMahon when you need him
Constructive argument...
They defended trump too and still got downvoted?
what was your old account?
What do you reckon constitutes an outplay then
THAT IS PERFECTLY OKAY AND YES YOU KIND OF DO IT'S SORT OF THIS GREAT THING
SOMEONE MAKE A GIF OF THIS
huh
Ok maybe I'm too naive
'fad' .... being true since socrates is now a 'fad'
Going to McDonalds for a salad is like going to a hooker for a hug.
"I wish Franken were younger, he'd be a great choice if we could run him 2024."
Maybe the issue here is that the victim's last name is White and it isn't clear if the punch was intended for a white person or rather someone named White.
Yeah it takes thorins analysis to figure out that that lineup consists of 4 players of the old LGB lineup
"At least one felony murder charge, coming up"
I can't believe the anti-groping bracelets didn't protect them.
How to identify the touch panel version?
MJ never did anything less than 150%
"No time, took the entire shotgun in 1 second m8"
"forgot Jim sterling (he makes jimquisitions on Sunday and publishes them Mondays) and angry Joe also Totalbiscuit apparently is now refusing to cover drama/.controversies (he made a video announcement of it, apparently he wants to avoid things that might shorten his life like getting pissed off)"
Futurama reference :)
Tweet /#secretwin
How would they be able to tell their whispers then?
So doea this mean Mercer can consume Hulk now?
"Rough, you sound like a loser"
O sjiiiiiiieeeeet
"Well 99% of the SJW,liberals, Sanders &amp; Clinton supporters say he is not a politician."
Every episode of FLCL is an 11/10 masterpiece you heathen.
That wind witch card looks great
Someone with a......solution for dealing with gangs of Islamists
honestly I'd still be hyped af for the movie.
He was the best part of the prequels.
No this mayor got kicked out of the Apple HQ for trying to meet with them to demand more money.
"I loved that level, it was so fucking crazy"
"if only there were another candidate, who hasn't actually conceded yet and smashes Trump in the polls"
Well obviously we need a registry of all trucks and we need to only allow people licenced to drive them
Possible
Looks like a coffee mug I got for christmas.
How dare you say Saddam did anything effectively!
Christ he's not THAT good.
...
Just do the quest
"Denver, Seattle, Portland"
Russia wants to take Russian part and use it for building purely Russian space station.
"Dude, there is no reason to study and understand the laws of the society you live in when you can just take moral pot shots from the hip and accuse anyone that disagrees with you as, ""pro-rape""."
Still can't believe they made a fucking Warcraft movie lol
And then the rift guardian spawns on the other side.
"Eh, you're probably right."
"No, its because he didn't pay him 300000"
I wonder if the decline in print media is tied to the difficulty some have in reading clearly delimited columns of text.
"1700 posts, get on it OP, find some more gold."
I support this and I'm pushing the idea to the team.
mleh mleh mleh
Have you tried spamming sub4sub in the chat of more popular channels?
I don't think Kyle would be comfortable having a tank of flammable liquid on his back
This is surprising considering Turkey is the pinnacle of morality
Maybe if they weren't such dicks normal people wouldn't run away from them.
I want that hat umbrella so bad.
"That is humanly impossible, what are you, rank 93?"
Was it worth it and do you think it'll be better on black friday?
"I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you."
He has done wonders for this state.
INB4 all vegetarians and vegans are under general suspicion
Justin Bieber is sure to make the front page.
This is totally 6.89
Aimbot.exe 2.0
Wherever the sensor in the center is placed.
this is so awkward wtf
Does anyone know his SoundCloud./any other social media
Zoomaa and scump both play claw
"Let us try to ban all veils and headscarves, they are only symbols of oppression, divisiveness and cultural confrontation."
I hope so.
Gonna need a source on that.
"Africa, that's where OBUMMER is from right?"
Native American Cameo Guy was the savior of this film... Don't know what you're talking about.
You dropped you
And we all know those are the only options.
FOX NEWS
Are you a soprano?
the Board and I had philosophical differences ....nobody saw that coming
should've left that fucking apple alone
"They could, like, sponsor a massive global sporting event every other year!"
"I started watching since 2014, and I think Blizz could do more for Esports, they didn't support enough."
The best kind of metal
My unvaccinated lifestyle.
Gtfo of here with your reasonable ideas
"You can already mount gdrives natively in GNOME, what more do you want?"
I would think American Sauce would be Ranch or 10000 Island
"Well done, being in the top 30% of anything makes you an expert."
"sorry, forgot the"
hey man not losing tower is not losing at all
and we happily let them do it without even so much as a single complaint.
Yeah fuck woman's rights im with you man
Spoken like someone suffering from Stockholm Syndrome.
"The cups are the worst fucking part, you monsters."
"One of the top solutions mentions jumpers on a storage devices, is that from IDE days with the slave/master?"
XDDDDDD GOTT'EM
"What exactly are these ""western values""?"
Fast &amp; Furious II
Aww but it was such a great movie
How can you tell?
"You forget that Jaina's Q can be intercepted by minions, so clearly, it means that Jaina is for skilled players"
Have you tried your knees?
It is ok when white man does it.
It's bc he's natty
I hope you can be there and take good care of your friend.
"Posting to reddit is changing the world, right?"
How pathetic.
not salty at all about Lindsay choosing me and then changeing to brick
But they are Koreans so we must value their opinions more
"Because clearly if it hasn't been done before, it's a stupid idea..."
"Weird, we didn't make the cut."
"A religious official lying, whoa noooo way"
portrait is another $4.99 DLC.
"While his team was up by 20+, what an asshole"
"Doesn't matter, I don't want to pay for it regardless"
"I'd say unless you are a judge, you aren't in a position where you are capable of making that decision."
"Riot is great at buffs and nerfs, really are."
Build the wall!
Burn the witch he knows too much!
"Did you by chance drop this,"
no it says man floating in the sky.
Lime and tonic water
"Mudkips, millions of them!"
What the heck is this shitpost
I really like his new eyes.
2016 years in fact
It's a shitpoll.
Pop is decreasing if anything...
But we're an open minded community that wants to improve the game and is willing to hear all suggestions!
forgot the
"adds up, instead of getting better he eats wings"
"But, how can an actor act with no lines?"
Well haven't you heard of the massive pile of gold coins stashed away in the Vatican Bank?
"They were *Polish* camps, remember"
"You don't have kids, you wouldn't understand"
Because you can't have more then one team you are a fan of.
I don't see why you wouldn't give them your personal information.
Yay go you!
"I can't recall a situation like this in Euro 2004, I mean, obviously there's some fights and all (that happens in every derby game around the world) but not like what's happening in France."
It's not like cats jump
"I only want a Chad who will pump and dump, thank you very much!"
"Lol, yeah because that's what everyone focuses on when they see a doctor."
I love people who just **have** to explain the joke.
wow these online polls have absolutely no sample bias
Oh absolutely.
"Awesome job, I can't wait to bring your fifa career suggestions to my future save !"
"Yeah, I'm sure the people who sided with the Nazis have a rock-solid moral compass"
That's not annoying at all.
Wow I can believe how descriptive you've been!
But doesn't that make the radiation leak out ?
Because Clarence Thomas and Ben Carson are the good ones.
"Well, you're not anti-Israel at all"
"Probably about 15,000 of them?"
"Yeah, it's really racist when poor whites are called out for voting against their interests when they vote republican."
They have to.
No im pretty sure only one is different.
"Thanks for mobile link, it really loads well on a desktop browser."
Now I don't need to run an ENB just to fix the shadows... which means more FPS :)
"Nah definitely transfer it, it's worth 2 candies right now."
Robbie Fowler snorting a six yard line of coke.
I would get those when I was young because Sacajawea would come and take my teeth I lost at night and leave those coins
"You can be trans and have OCD too, btw."
"He is, one snort at a time."
New 52.
wut
Exactly and will be for at least another year
I don't know why but this whole season seems like teams aren't that good.
Maybe we wil get gradually more and more insanity messages to pave the way for Atlas?
This just makes me think Sabonis was GOAT
"No, that's the russian president Vladimir Putin, but i understand your confusion."
Take it to the cops you knob.
I won't.
No jobs and frankly not very affordable.
"Oh don't worry, it's been quite a while now that it's pretty clear Erdogan is leaning more toward a resurrection of the Ottoman empire rather than a intergration to the EU."
Unfortunately only you can see nicknames.
"He could still dunk, height doesn't disappear"
Then I was wrong and Austria should be part of the failed countries.
I doubt they would have written a whole episode about a power of Steven's just to write it off as non-cannon
To me it's been the reverse for centuries.
"Well duh, why should the government do something when private companies can do it for better profit, opps i mean better."
"Am 22, can confirm that I don't give a shit."
No because then the Terrorists wont be caught anymore...
"God DAMN, I love Gates so much!"
I know... I was asking where it went
It will be Larsson if is Hall
so why not a slightly better 2-drop like flame juggler?
Yeah but there is also a bit of a difference between a T2 and a T5.. But even then I wouldn't sell just for a port slot.. Though I agree the Albany is probably the one that could get me closest to wanting to sell a premium (at least from pre-buff experience)
more challenge is more fun right?
"Lucky him, that shit is trash"
Don't forget the ignorant Republitards would see the error of their ways and vote in an entire democratic ticket so that Bernie would have total and supreme power!
Popular sure but flash altogether doesn't predate google.
hope a firework hits you
Reading through all these posts is making for a very confusing internal soundtrack..
Get xmod
Not quite.
"I had no side effects from Clomid or Femara, and only got a bit more emotional on stims."
We all know that give +1 defense.
"Do you think Griff calls this trade ""The D""?"
Yea the shooters don't deserve any blame..
"To play with friends on console, and for ppl like me who are just more comfortable with a controller."
"Okada vs CM Punk, Tanahashi vs Seth Rollins, and Ibushi vs Randy Orton"
I heard he really likes comic books so try not to ask him about those or you will never hear the end of it.
Frankly im shocked this doesnt happen on every season of the bachelorette
The recruiting begins
Did you put on your sunscreen before going out?
Tuesday at 9EST
"You could use a heat sink and adjust it to the tank, using it pretty much as a buffer for your 510."
But couldn't they just have blown off his arms &amp; legs?
"inb4 all the ""character assassination"" comments that will inevitably steam in from the SJWs on this, conveniently ignoring the poor 4 year-old girl that is being exposed to all of this at such a young age."
Is sharing state secrets freedom of speech?
He has been.
"I suspect the few people who know facts that do not align with the official story, the one that Saudi Arabia had nothing to do with 9-11, that their credit cards were used by the flight schools without their knowledge; are all showing cognitive impairment (if they are still alive)"
"Calling them ""hackers"" is like calling someone a doctor because they cut off a limb."
Good ole Rudy
Yeah but you're english
You get out of here with your smart ideas!
"Sure, PA is my favorite, second is Leona 4Head"
Thank you!
What was that definition you provided then?
"You can find most ""in"" things after about 20 mins on Twitter looking at some of those parody accounts the things that are usually posted on there are the memes and such that are ""in"""
Wingspan is equal to my height.
What is this loan thing that you speak of?
I bet it will maintain a loyal fanbase for a while.
How did you begin collecting?
forgot the
"Boots, Urchin, Wrath, Mantle, Void, Bane."
Thank you for the response.
What video?
TIL being upset because you just witnessed terrorists fly into buildings and kill thousands of people in your home country where those kind of things aren't supposed to happen is cowardly
You must be from a real shitty neighborhood
"Super Hydroxycut is *perfect* for this, at least according to the commercials."
"Who thought criminals, drug dealers, and rapists could be such industrious builders?"
"I watch Jericho's YouTube, so there's that."
Not sure how I feel about this one tbh
I keep mine in the bathroom why is it in your bedroom?
Nothing makes you more of a man than believing in the superiority of your race!
"If the black dude had dressed less attractive to bullets, this wouldn't have happened."
"Aahhh, I completely missed that"
ESO
I think you forgot
"lol yes but it works with the OP shock turret because, you know, shock turrets are so easy to kill you should be able to heal them!"
"I know of VIAB and BX, who am I missing?"
"Shumpert getting a flagrant for that ball tap, right?"
"So by that logic, Government should outright ban people going to Red-light districts because they are hotbed for illegal activity?"
"That's not a nice name, they're called the 2016 Oakland A's fyi"
They're cool because they aren't Muslim
"90.5 WQED is the only station I listen to, there than that its my plugged in cell phone with podcasts and mp3's"
"And what other historical trends will we slip into; women wearing gigantic skirts and corsets laced so tight they're a health hazard, building gigantic stone tombs for world leaders, polytheism, arranged marriages and designated matchmakers like in Fiddler On The Roof?"
Now Niantic can't even get their pokemon right...
Real men use i7's.
You won't tell me what to do *upvoted*
LEAK THOSE STRATS
"If it makes you feel any ~~better~~ worse, that's the first skin I got :b Pray to the RNG gods?"
Isn't he the guy from salad dressing?
He's asking specifically for stuff to bring home to Denmark and guns and (foldable) knives are banned in Denmark..
"No, obviously only dumb southerners like guns."
TIL CPUs can take pictures.
I'm seeing it on this post as well
Thank god you wore vertical stripes or else this photo would've looked really bad
Hyah.
it's even easier than you could imagine [don't]
"What we should do is enact an IQ test for voters so anyone who disagrees with me is disenfranchised, eh old boy?"
-34 karma AND Reddit gold... color me surprised
That the world is flat
Yup
I meaaaaannnn.... he kinda cute tho tbh
You can't improve upon perfection.
"Prince of Egypt is still the best telling of that story, with the possible exception of DeMille's Ten Commandments."
You dropped this:
"Yeah but unless you live on the same side of the international dateline, they'll never happen at the same time."
No he should just throw it away.
Julio Lugo?
Too hard to turn the camera around for a better pic?
Great that means the bleaching starts tomorrow.
Yeah it makes it too... survivally
But I thought he had tiny hands...
Can't they also be destroyed?
"So lets take away rights from all of them, just to be safe."
But you never would have known to sell high unless they told you!
ya finally quinn has the movespeed to roam effectively.
because there are so many and you buy them throughout the whole match.
"Lol, i forgot the"
Romney was such a flip flopper.... ....that's why I support Trump instead
"Wow, could I get some of that shill money?"
"Of course of course, completely different parties with different philosophies"
"Blizz loves wizards and hates monks, so no nerf for wizards."
eh as long as your not black or Latino you should be good.
"Lol red is for suckers, I only bet odd numbers."
"I tell ya what, these kids today.."
"2/10, should've used ""cl off"" :("
Lotus Notes is the most powerful mail client available.
Oujay is the only Durandal candidate
Diglett dig Diglett dig Trio Trio
Yeah definitely not a good idea to buy two reputable rifles for cheap
But why play a 5 mana 7/7 when you can play a 4 mana one?
old
This would never happen in California.
No on reddit there is not logic it's just white people hating themselves
Oh amazing guitarist DrLawyerson please teach me tapping as you are the only one with the knowledge of something as special as that
You forgot the
I heard they are releasing it when we beat Faze on LAND.
and the government represents the people
Turn up the hi-hats in the drummer's headphone feed until he hits softer.
Seems legit
"Caucuses can't be undemocratic, they mostly helped Bernie"
The civil rights took like 2 years to accomplish
We all believe that everything posted here is $100% true and mod verified.
"Who is this ""EU""?"
And you and I would deserve to pay for it because we elected the piece of shit official who hired the piece of shit cop.
She just likes Evolution OKAAY?
Ewwww old people aren't people why were they allowed to vote?
Build a PC.
Democracy works!
Because hots contracts are historically known to be strictly upheld and fair to players
"I've been capturing every horrible, head scratching lag situation for a killer compilation video"
Michelle Trachtenburg and David Attenborough
"Right, 70-80 dollars is still pretty expensive for a broken game if you ask me."
Didn't you hear the AG's response?
Down vote literally everything you don't agree with
You forgot this:
I'm a bitch and proud of it so it's acceptable.
Must be part of the super EE.
I'm sure the kind of friends worth making are just like him.
Where's my damn copy?
Just warming up for a bite...
"The only maps I really saw snipers in were like Derail and Wasteland, maps like Storm, Terminal, scrapyard and Rust made no sense and were just to small for snipers to stay alive or find a good nest."
It's always been like this
This is the better solution and I recommend it every freaking time.
Space Banditos?
###**YOU CAN'T LOCK UP THE SUCTION**
That slushie at the end was savage
The sub has been ~~revived~~ reposted!
I don't respect judgemental cocksuckers either.
"TPP obviously, she totally won't flip on that again."
"i have been experiencing a similar issue when i tried to login on a different phone (both android though), it just made a new account hopefully i can get back to the first phone and see if its still logged in"
yeah but we saved like 1 million over 2 players... that's the type of hahd bahghan that you get with those gritty guys
"Interesting, is it very euphoric?"
Haha
If Trump wins the USA will probably withdraw from the EU
"Ooh yeah, that's a good one too"
Message the mods something that would prove it (work id for example) with the personal information blacked out.
A knee in the balls will tell the ladies who is who.
"I don't know what this is about but it starts in two minutes, see you there guys."
*Dude you're telling the noobs shut up*
"he also clearly speaks very broken Engrish and according to other comments he made, he's looking for something with a lil variety, ""get fat too"" or whatever is just him equating ""get fat"" to ""eat a lot"""
"Aight, thanks for the clarification"
"Jokes on crossfit, miyao brothers don't have any joints left to be destroyed."
"And a one German speaking queen, who was probably more important for Croatia than all of those kings"
"Doe mij maar een saaie politicus met inhoud, in plaats van populistisch geschreeuw en modder gooien."
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
Oh thank God that makes it so much better.
So say we all
We do have all this infrastructure collapsing around us we could use some steel around here.
That's an exhibition of the kind of team spirit that makes the Olympics an inspiration to us all.
Amen to that
"It's funny because no matter how good his album is, it won't make up for all the bullshit he put his fans through, so it will probably get rated poorly."
Loved him in Zoolander
Guild flags/glory buildings?
You act like they didn't make the killer robots first!
Actually doing things as they should be done Constitutionally
"Even though I am a guy, I would start wearing a burkini just to screw with the government..."
"I can't unsee that now, thanks"
sweet thanks for your response
Yeah I saw that I just didn't know how long after the 10th it would be
Yeah this is an absolute haul for Cashner
I could see them trading either Carrera or Pompey to replace car go and then maybe that Rios fella and another low level prospect
"His first ""injury"" is going to be theater and you know it."
"...the dissenters get guilt tripped and bitched about because obviously anyone who says no is a selfish, cold-hearted asshole."
Then I hereby present you with the award for shittiest troll that isn't even remotely funny.
"They're more of ROAKs, to say, no the only thing sacrificed is your time."
tbh that is probably high enough
chicken tendies!
I just thought it was funny.
With 30D hookers!
That explains why Russian cops were tackling US embassy workers in the past
"Wow, he should be arrested for that vandalism."
What kind of phone is it and what app are you using?
"Don't forget "" hahaha and they keep thinking billionaire ............... Is one of them."""
1337 Thanks OP!
ahahah I'm also lvl 23 and yellow as well and this is too accurate :D
"17 minutes until the download finishes, can hardly contain my excitement!"
It's when the original game was released.
Of course people who went across the world will give a code that they only have 1 of to complete strangers.
Why are you even trying to open the launcher?
If the Holocaust really happened I'd feel guilty CHECKMATE LIBTARDS
"What do you expect, they were scared of (((Ethan's))) Jew connections."
Plays with leviathan
He may want to flush that floater
Where can I find a Lyft driver with a rumham?
Move to South America where dollar goes much further and retire into crippling alcoholism in my late 30s.
NBA Champions can't play in SL
"Attila- About that Life ""I'm a bad motherfucker Not a fucking role model Fuck church hit a bong Then go smash a fucking bottle Got a few sluts to help me roll a few blunts And they never question me because they know I hate cunts"""
phenomenal enough to lose
Call the cops on them if they've got any drugs in their house at all.
Yes
"I mean I get that we need to clean up the sport, but fuck..."
Try some rice now
there is no way they could get in legal trouble for that lol
Who needs spotify when we all have it on vinyl and cassette now?
Because they're heroes who risk their lives every day for us!
This response made my day.
"IIRC, the prohibition against this and some other things comes from the book Elements of Style, so they were guidelines for clearer writing, not grammatical rules."
And send dick pics
"No, *you're* stupid!"
How the hell is that thing supposed to turn with fairings that extend down almost all the way to the ground?
Does he need to?
"Yeah but the 'old' gender neutral pronouns are sexist, restrictive, and part of the Patriarchy!"
What an original name
My PC *IS* my tv currently
Yeah if only they knew what was good for them...
"Man, Lincecum really busted out his batting ability"
"Don't call me ape, you chimp!"
was expecting to see an army of bald dudes with axes
"Well I'm near Chicago so I'd have to ship it and install myself, but intakes aren't that difficult to install on a GTI from what I've seen"
Uucmy for us most of them are nowhere near intelligent enough or would bury their heads in the sand to comprehend the information
dam there's some ugly ones
No source here either but I vaguely remember reading it was actually *billions* of years.
Nice spam post.
Good thing signs stop bad guys!
"Don't feel bad, they're just a bunch of *con*artists."
"With that pace, what do you expect?"
But I still have issues left
You are just salty because he flexed on you.
"So, like *seriously tempered* rage?"
"Get out of here with your nuance and understanding, you either gotta be a corporate shill or a communist to talk about these things"
I think you dropped this
You are still assuming devs are still sober
Your name.
Time to open up a gun store!
Reed clearly doesn't support BlueLivesMatter
"That seems to have been Satoshi's intent, yes."
gz rarer than 3rd age
"girl it's less karma, it's all about the karma"
They should've studied STEM.
old news
Because you're a fucking burger lmao.
"I didn't buy my truck so I could make a small percentage more money selling it in 5 years, I bought the best value truck that I can actually use for those five years."
"He signed with us May 20, and his contract was technically done with Detroit at the end of June."
"Well I mean paying it off ""would be for nothing""!"
"Don't worry, they will boot him for such a bad pun."
"Why on earth would they do that, when they have things like video games to distract them and comforts beyond imagination?"
you're telling me Beltre isn't winning MVP?
"well for me driving under 5k in the city is comfortable, unfortunately the issue occurs for anything under 5k ish"
Just buy the PSA you'll love it
Your BMW doesn't have turn signals either
You forgot the
No because genji op plz nerf
Remember the old turbo controllers?
"No mate, you eat it by itself by the spoonful"
"Wait, Loki fought?"
"Wow axl really got behind that one, didn't he?"
"But Hillary is totally worse, right guys?"
Why do girls have to ruin everything.
Gotta stuff Christian heaven with souls somehow.
"It is a drift build, duh"
Probably don't even need it at that point
So Bran is the reason the Starks always know winter is coming?
Atleast he recognizes LoL isn't fun
You can see the exact moment when they turned of their brain.
Its no problem :) thanks!
"I think some more death threats and assaults are in order, right?"
"It is a strong mech, but with 4+ 100t mechs in a pug match as it is now, there is simply more damage to be dealt in a round, so the average dmg should rise."
Nah man Bjerg just needs to firstpick Zed every game and they will win worlds.
Where is
yeah he sure showed that school not that he smokes weed everyday.
"Ha, it's funny because Christian fanatics, I get it!"
At least it'd be in good condition if the time to sell it comes around.
Considering the saints in the community he definitely should be embarrassed.
You mean a specialist is not a hero that goes solo in bot lane and stays there the whole game?
So brave.
LeBron immediately refuses to pass Delly the ball
They probably also had weapons of mass destruction
LeafPad is the best text editor.
"Custom water cooling that has the radiator &amp; fans on the outside, of course!"
"I don't know why you're being downvoted, this is the most honest and accurate summary of Halo 5 I have ever read... and I'm a HUGE Halo fanboy."
Flight.
Nobody puts server in the corner.
What dungeon?
Ah yes just as Satoshi imagined it would be...
Most browsers will load sites like wikipedia.
Maybe if someone wasn't Redditing while playing
"Always wear your ""bear bells"" and listen as the bear is charging for the ringing of bear bells inside the bear."
"Yeah, a young promising actor dying is absolutely hilarious!"
"Don't be ridiculous, time allocated for IGB development is clearly not the same as time allocated for ship balance."
Forget impure women I'm violently opposed to unfree pornography.
I need to get me a religious wife.
"So underpowered, i won't be able to edit my vlog and get more than 10 views like my favorite youtuber with this machine"
How else is the Host of Embers going to add another Dark Sword R1 spammer to his posse?
Taking more stuff from Wind Waker
Imba flusha's heart rate spikes when snapping on the enemies through the wall
"It's those filthy muslims and polish rats, not true Brits."
Alam must be one SAD MLA
Don't want to get too big
"If I were to get angry about something so trivial every time such a thing popped up, I would be on some hardcore stress medication already, that or even worse."
Damn that's a cool job
What's the worst website on the internet?
Cause I just wanna die before my heart fails from heartbreaks or cocktails then maybe you'll cry once you know I'm gone
"More garage space hopefully, so my crippling collecting addiction can once again be fed."
Perhaps they should outsource their athletes.
"That same spyware is added to Windows 7 through updates, isn't it?"
Cheeky Cortana
FishFruit is not a mod!
This is sound advice amongst a bunch of idiots (which I am also one of so I guess it's your call)
Goodness me I would've been misty-eyed in a burger restaurant
You mean like how the British media is downtalking Italy and the EU right now?
I think I look better in the first one tho
Looks like a zerg rush
I don't even know anymore.
Do they taste like normal cherry tomatoes?
"Don't forget Virtanen, hopefully he trained hard this offseason."
A few times a month I may bleed on you at night
Did u try shooting it?
Or just pay out a basic weekly income and then have taxes one every other form of income.
"B-But where would I put my salt, butthurt and votes for Donald Trump to?"
Sigh... And you are too dense to understand that metacanada exists for 'special' people like you.
"Yeah, unfortunately I've had to watch/help administer narcan and they do come back in complete withdrawl and not feeling even remotely good but then again they're not dead..."
Sounds kinda racist.
Pretty sure he was joking because thats what Connor said when he lost.
Chinese premier has no chill.
I'll take my old Remington over either any day of the week
The music really makes this video great!
looks like I might be rolling a 3rd eschamali
you're welcome :)
Dem thighs though
"Not too strange, but I like the small hard pretzels dipped in mayo"
Depends if the clock is analogue or digital.
*angry seething sounds*
It made national news so.
Just sleep... I didn't see any option for steps
"Hmm interesting, does the 200 credit active bounty have a short or a long timer?"
"They used to look the same, but after spending eons inside the Aether, they changed."
"I'm actually quite surprised considering the fact that the current party in charge of Australia (LNP) cut the funding to many, many things that benefited the people of Austalia, one being the CSIRO."
"The Reef wasn't, why would the new one be?"
Yes and everyone left of centre is a marxist.
"Literally within 2 hours of the result certain outlets were pushing the narrative that people regretted their vote, or that people were googling ""what is the EU""."
How about we don't believe anybody and have the regulatory agencies do their own testing?
He is a hero Not the one Gotham deserves But the one it needs
Someone make this IRL
Wtf is this deck
good you get it
I love Mourinho being in the premiership but i feel he won't be as fun as Moyes was at United :(
but what about Sage Cliff (Gaiden)?
"Nothing to see here people, just another republican conspiracy against Clinton..."
Usually at the party convention.
"You found a ""Broken and Corroded Undistinguishable Fossil"""
Apparently you have not seen the photo of Stan Lee and Grumpy cat
VR making the important games.
He's full of shit.
Black men are more likely to be shot while doing that!
Whatever you say!
I guess he can rotate with Ricky van Wolfswinkel.
The more I look into RE the less it fits into my simple life.
"Feels over reals, motherfuckers!"
"Ehe paper planes should be an April fool you can only glide and ram, perfect thunder"
Ahgotnoosfourya.
Yeah but she can be the first female president.
No one *needs* a car that has as much killing power as a truck or gas powered vehicle.
Thanks Omaha.....
So.. that's how I was born... I'm so sorry mom.
I see he's been reading his Dylan Thomas.
Is that a Winston spray?
I've met more people who didn't have one.
"Not weed, what is the problem?"
"Christ, I give them enough ad revenue they should be able to do this for every damn county"
"But it's gen 1, so it is perfect and you can't complain about it."
"A dozen, just like how many first overall picks you had!"
"Silly gay boy, you're secretly being oppressed by the patriarchy and it's allowing you to think you're free from its control."
"Ah the classic ""make a bad choice, then blame someone else"" approach."
It's called anal vore in others.
Gore didn't even win his home state.
Quicksell.
"or for being wrong, 4500 life, 1400 es, 2200 mana for mom, hes fine."
"By this logic, girlfriends must be the stupidest people on earth!"
You forgot the
Maybe that's what Lion is: an organic-Gem hybrid that Rose made as an early experiment; it was her prototype for the process that created Steven...
3-4 scoops 4x a day!
Brazil VS Germany
Shoulda got a R9 390
Well we can't be having the peasants being all uppity thinking they shouldn't have to make difficult choices between rent or food now can we
SEGA and Toaplan
"Well no one rang the bell, why should he stop if no one asked to get off?"
Looking forward to his commentary on how the wind is disrespectful to Novak and Serbia.
She's the best
We're all popular!
"Sexual preference, not racist"
bur
Ooooo.
"you still can, by going to best buy and getting a 3ds..."
Guys I don't think he deserves to be downvoted the dude was just asking a question.
Pretty much.
.5 W would be 27dBm
Okay there HAS to be a good story to go with that
Dave
Evidence?
I just have this macro'd now.
"This probably really sucked for Yeonjung, since was her group winning, but not a victory she could participate."
"Sweet, then let me use sonic blast with my seismics!"
"Wow, another thing they screwed up on"
"Yeah, Pep is just not on the same level as those coaches"
I remember WoW in which.... THERE WEREN'T FOUR THOUSAND OF THESE STUPID NOSTALGIA POSTS ALL THE SUCKING TIME GET A SUCKING LIFE
"C9 finished 3rd place in regular season without Hai , they must be really bad"
He demands more german efficiency.
Ah yes the Alberta PCs back at it again with great policy decisions.
Phuqmi and Farkew so far.
Could buy a GTX 1060 and a decent i5.
"Yes, I've seen some in my local lake that had to of weighed at least 5lbs."
"I've noticed this happening more and more, I feel like it's because reddit is getting stale"
yep and casting white people as asians are fine
Great reaction ey.
That family made a sign specifically asking for his shoes lol...pander much?
"I live in the city center and tourism made me reach the point where I actively do whatever I can to piss off tourists(staying on the legal side always), because they ring the door bell drunk at night(usually british) or they start to fight yelling at 4am(british again) or they just stay in a group of 10 to 30 persons in the middle of the street blocking everyone(germans this time) or just act like assholes 24/7(Italians mostly)."
He does have a Masters...
No doubt all of Lesotho's problems are caused by the fact that it is occupied by South Africa.
"Because i play games to socalise, not have fun."
Don't you dare fucking say that!
African or European?
Hadrian's wall to Uzbekistan University?
"Hanzo got a buff, that's why."
No man's sky
"Dumb, young, naive girls don't think so... Afterall, what do a bunch if rapists know?"
Well that blows.
I think it is pretty obvious what you need to do now OP
Why is why Spain is definitely very Muslim
"Why yes, thanks to colonialism all of the natives from North and South America were given a peaceful, relaxing life!1"
You're obviously entitled and have everything because you have iPhones!
Clinky clank
Since when has whatever china thinks been important?
"No problem, just saw that it didn't look like you got a fix :)"
"You are supposed to hate everything from Halo 4, because it sucks"
Invasion brah
Her campaign donors did not provide adequate funds to afford such luxuries.
Next up; The Iron Giant.
running 39 cards and hoping the opponent doesn't notice
they do not have the best Prime Minister though
But he speaks American!
"Oh, man, I remember that episode... I actually feel really bad for Ranma's temporary feminine persona - she just wants to be a girl, but everyone (sans Happosai) bullies her until she hits her head and becomes a ""he"" again."
He should have put his e-brake on and Tokyo-drifted into that merge lane that was empty that the Taurus should have been in.
"Seeing as Rabs is nearing retirement, let's put him full time in the Bunker!"
"thanks, I'm multitasking on Elite:Dangerous right now :)"
"It must have been your fault, for speaking to them in english..."
"Well, OKC rarely ever plays team basketball, whereas you guys run an offense pretty similar to ours."
:)
"Target fixation is mostly a two wheels thing, presumably because you can only turn through countersteering, so it's rather more involved than simply setting the steering wheel to match the curvature of the road."
And FUCK THE SILVER TIPS!
Bit more tuck and he would have come around
All capitalists should be hung.
Was the name Toad Town 2: Electric Shroomaloo?
1400; 0.9
I think he's probably hated by his peers because he's an incompetent ignoramus.
They are already showing all these standing desks are a fad and that standing all day might be worse for you.
"Great, thanks for the information."
Yes.
"Well, if the Vatican's stance on birth control is wrong then all of religion must be bad!"
YEAH RIGHT
"Right, because the race officials can't do both."
Shoulda added the
we all know losing lane is int feeding though
Looks like a lot of people dyed there
"I just want a Knight Solaire mini, he'd actually work really well for the paladin that I'm playing in a main campaign right now, not to mention I'd be the coolest kid at the table when I bust out the OG sunbro himself at our next session."
She has seduced me.
"you don't play for waifus, the waifus played you"
THAT'S OUTRAGEOUS
"Nah he wasn't contacted, he just walked in, was never supposed to be in the commercial"
Unless you make a quantum computer in minecraft
JDM YO
keep them donations coming he can win!
Step 1) be attractive Step 2) don't be unattractive
"Its already happening in the US, the poor Christians are being persecuted all over."
But what is the point of owning a computer if I can't put filters on my photos and upload them to Instagram and Facebook?
That's *exactly* what they'd say to divert attention until they reveal the new format
You gotta make sure to get at least 4 guys bunch up in the radius of a mortar and agro it to other teammates who aren't in it.
I think you forgot some fuck/fucking/fuckers in your answer
There's hardly a difference!
Really the only thing pd3 needs is actual optimization.
"I don't think your DPS will matter too much as they both get to 25% @ 100 points and I believe Mighty will increase PI &amp; AS on impact as well as the DoTs from everything else - except maybe EH though - whereas Thaum won't increase the impact of PI &amp; AS Without personally testing and knowing your total CPs, I'd suggest: 37 in each to get them to 12.5%, the maybe 10 in Precise for an easy 5% and then something like a 2:1 Mighty:Thaum ratio due to Thaum not affecting the initial impact of PI and AS not"
Thanks
California is the Northwest!
IQ has something to do with education?
I actually saw a Toy Freddy at GameStop earlier today.
You're using Doumbia so obviously you deserve this
Have you ever played FM?
That doesnt matter all that matters is that THE SOLDIER knows the truth.
Sorry!
Bolding your words really makes your statements so much more accurate.
But at least there are no more bots or gold sellers!
Yes but...#notallmen ...erm...I'm a niceGuy ...#feminismIsCancer ... western women complain too much!
i trim for 50k gp
"Oh yeah, the timing is totally coincidential... That the murdered MP was outspokenly pro-remain means nothing as well."
"My favorite was in the middle of the battle, Tormund saves Jon and picks him up and just goes ""Hey!"""
The Thing
"I played fusionfall (the cartoon network game from a few years ago) when I was younger, but no, I have not"
But the guy selling it to him said it wasn't a big deal?
"Austin Matthews, Morgan Reilly and Fredrick Anderson... Leafs of the future."
So... they went to waste?
I don't understand why he's opposed to the leash when he's perfectly willing to crate her like a puppy to keep her away from the Christmas tree.
Sign up as an Uber driver and start driving people in your truck.
I dont think ive been excited for anything in my life as much as that guy was at that particular moment.
"Too lazy to watch hours of tv, yeah fuck those people."
"The CIA hacked the Venezuelan currency printer, causing 700% hyperinflation!"
"yeah, it's more like donation actually."
Down voted for truth.
"Yeah they've never lobbied, rallied, petitioned, or anything like that."
"Care to explain, Trump lover?"
"Yes, let's heinously lock away the heinous individuals..."
dont.
"No, I just thought this kind of stuff was reserved to Youtube comments and the abyss of Reddit threads, didn't think people dedicated that much of their time to prove why their collection of hardware and wires is superior to another collection of hardware and wires."
R
Needs another E. s/
"In before ""he didn't mean that"""
"Lol, Drumpf can't win, obviously the polls are rigged for him."
Thatsthejoke.jpg
ayy
fucking hell
I read that as fisting....
it might be launched but not available.
"Well, ya got me there... (alternatively, I could have made a joke about Alice not having a gag reflex)"
It's just a boring old orange!
just two happy giants
Ricardo villalobos - alcachofa
I don't see McAfee as being right wing.
He will probably pillage a children hospital in montreal
PM'd
Having your culture destroyed by people who won't assimilate and being upset about it isn't xenophobic.
few frames lol yeah right
"psh, no life, no resist.. 1c"
"I mean, they'd still choke va navi so no major"
I'm sure there's some close MLB game tonight.
"ya, whenever we replaced outlets at the house we put them that way"
So more than just the tip?
Good
But injured blademaster is a priest card
Where?
"It's the ""I want to look nice by wearing something nicer than a t-shirt, but I don't want to look overdressed"" look."
Too bad nobody actually gives a shit about old convos.
qtpie?
Kate bishop is best girl.
Taking heat out is the same as cooling it though
Tom
"Thanks for sponsoring this awesome content, HTC."
Well David Cameron and his family business profited for the scandel.... So maybe that's why they voted against it.
"Well fellow AnCaps, I guess that's it....We all knew this party couldn't last forever; it's back to prison for me!"
I'm sure it's all good because he didn't 'intend' for his actions to cause harm.
No you didn't.
"search for more rainbow six subreddit a kiddo, this one isn't official."
"Haha, I'm not expecting an enthusiastic response to this one!"
"Nicely shaped, but stupidly excessive."
I have no idea why you would get downvoted for this comment LOL.
Idk man just go fight someone at a gym it's the same thing
"No it doesn't because their fun factor doesn't rely solely on ""strategy and hero-switching"""
"OK, I can see that."
Squishing pissers and filling the ladle with ma baby gravy.
Yup
If you don't let your toddler have some independence while they bathe how are they ever going to learn to take care of themselves?
Good riddance
"He didn't create it, he actually stole it from this POC he knew."
*Procrasterbation
They use electric bikes.
Sounds like you're projecting
Nice post Machine sub account
You've caught the mummies curse
"With our luck, Ramsay will accidentally cut himself peeling an apple and die from gangrene."
Keep your hate speech off our campus!
With bishop you could just spam charged shots to stunlock them.
Yeah that was my view but the agent clearly knew better
What an insult to the sixth-graders of this country.
"as much as I like the Bourne movie with Jeremy Renner as my country Philippines is featured, I have to agree it is not as good when Matt Damon made it."
Well they are aiming for diversity so maybe having a ginger guy in the League is not a bad idea
"Yeah, how dare women feel upset when men catcall them and harass them."
Yeah because azir is definitely gated by range
"It's not cheese, it just means there's a fault in your play that allows for gimmicks to beat you."
Your tears are delicious.
great way to fill the entire stadium
Well...A for effort
US election.
Link?
"It's not just for them, it's also for the new breed of public service manager or, as I prefer to call them, Political Enabling Officers."
This is how we get POPCORN LUNG I don't want it near my property
i think OP is talking about the 95.1k dmg on the historian
"Nah, you have to have run out of your rungood by now."
"It's chat while watching a livestream, it's almost guaranteed to be garbage, lol"
Omg please stop you're too funny
yea the city totally has this
Don't
"If your team is going full retard, you need to go full retard."
"Both parties are the same, amiright?"
Helps give the egg something to bind to with the cauliflower.
I'm guessing the parents of the kids in charter schools pay taxes too.
Salt.
It has the pesky infection Pokerus
Crazy how natur do dat
so much useful information....
Didn't realise you got rabies in America - it was eradicated in the UK over 100 years ago.
"People who dont have stuff want free stuff, OMG!"
being loud is not alpha...
you forgot that :
465758139
Drink
The Daryl and Ezekiel love story just got interesting.
but jews don't add to diversity like the middle eastern and africans...
TLC 2012 with Team Hell No vs The Shield.
You're dumb.
"And hire a decorator to come in here quick, 'cause.. damn."
I hate this commercial
"Women should be grateful that Marco has made this difficult reproductive decision for them, as it is clearly the Republican male's place to decide in all things uterus related."
"Out of curiosity, why does it matter if your wife is from the states?"
"no, i meant on the map"
"Sure, then i guess being able to choose PvE and PvP would be an option."
That ladies and gentlemen is called an elephant trunk.
"Yes, clearly these societies trying to put them to death have it right"
but venezuela is the worst
Butcher Pete?
The war never ends...
What language is that?
doggies are better than people &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;
Thanks a lot
But I can't endorse Johnson because he wants to legalize pot.
That's not funny.
"It's true, it would take far too much effort for them to exclude single player content from a multiplayer tech test"
"Your logic, rational analysis, and fact-based conclusion is unwelcome here."
You must be one of them Muslims always trying to stab someone
"Because to walk 100 km you need to walk 120 km in real life, so the medal just reflects that."
Its the taste of Freedom
"The last part when he says ""Nice boobs"" that's trolling right there!"
Ya that makes 3 mil nothing
They have to fit our special lady hands.
"IDK, in pretty good at quick shopping in COD."
Nobody uses the term 'Islamic extremist'
"Iove hearing people say ""there's always a job opening at McDonald's"" Motherfucker, I know there's a job there but I'd rather be a piece of shit."
"It truly was a golden age of comedy lets not forget Yes,Dear aired right before those two gems."
Bernie
Sorry guys I fucked up
"No, everyone who is pro pot endorses meth, crack, heroine as regular everyday activities"
"Wow, you must have an awful balance of career and family!"
"but but but, it's all natural!"
"Yeah, the US should have just glassed Viet Nam."
"Well, there was the Summon the NSA button."
Except the well-off professionals in North Sydney who apparently couldn't stomach voting for Greens even without a Labor candidate on offer
"It wouldn't be a ""box"" if it's ""round"""
of course a few bad eggs represent the entire city
ur white balance seems off
Sounds inconsistent to me
"Yeah, it's obviously in the NBA's best interest to have the Warriors lose in the 2nd round of the playoffs since Portland is such a huge market, and the media never pays any attention to the Dubs or Steph Curry at all."
Annie is actually a 500 year old
That's sexist
"European here, nope bb's are ballbearings to me."
We ARE the wolves.
THAT WAS AN INVESTMENT.
Good thing they're completely under using Fred this episode...
Does he have another lecture where he says what diet works best *against* cancer?
"It's only mass killing of innocent individuals we're talking about here, let's not go overboard and paint *house walls*...!"
You dropped this:
(s)he OH THANK GOD I was getting ready to sharpen my pitchfork.
"Gee, I don't know."
Look at all our tax dollars and the wonderful things being done with them.
If he's getting banned for being on-topic shouldn't you be unmodded for doing your job?
I feel like you just missed out on a great deal for a large sum of money.
I didn't know he could play the drums!
Haha you didn't know you ceased to be a person when you became a vessel for life?
Shoulda put an
Guess you need a wall because it seems one snuk through the fence
not wearing a sharks jersey
"Please, Christina Grimmie was murdered by the Illuminati because she was going to expose Sunday's false flag plot."
"So much wrong, yet so much YES..."
h3h3 meme XD XD so fahny upvote 4 u
Below Average.....
Not very effective against fire MY ASS!
"If the zombie apocalypse (or the Jesus Rapture, or the North Korea nuclear bombardment, or the alien invasion, or the Black Helicopter gun grabbing, or the commie/libtard/gay uprising) strikes while I'm at Walmart, I need my personal survival equipment immediately on hand !"
Yeah because the content last week was SO much better.
"Yeah, its pretty unrealistic for a man in armor to learn how to run or aim his gun."
He should have saved some of those points for the playoffs like Crosby did
MI5 can fix it anyway if it was wrong.
At your service...
Victor is soooo subtle.
Sell them
"no Toriyama ""canon"" is GOD"
"True, but the differences between the US and Brazil are greater than say with Canada."
"Thats, $460 USD but on the Canadian site its $920 CAD, what a fair and acceptable conversion"
cammer fault for running yellow light
Fells like an oncology hospital
What a homophobe
Shouldn't you be more or a less an expert by now?
sry I forgot the
What's still alive is the same ol' cold war bullshit.
Billy Donovan is a fine coach though.
But feelings!
I don't think it's a mental illness like being trans is but being homosexual isnt normal
I need this in my life.
"When you use them as derogatives and reasons to not support the person it is absolutely ageist, racist, and sexist."
Cat.
Yeah but Hillary...
looks white to me
yeah all the games before Skyrim had small timeline gaps Oblivion had such a definitive ending that it felt like an End of an Era which it was considering all the Calendar makers of Nirn agreed
Nah I'm a teenager and I knew what greaser meant.
Yeah because that's how football works
"they're selling them at the NHL store in NYC, for what it's worth"
"I'm a girl, but somehow ""daughter"" just doesn't have the same ring, so I'll take it."
This is correct :)
"Wow, that's a lot of crazy in one room."
What?
*What should have happened...*
How long do you have?
Shootings would only go down if more drunk people had guns.
"I might need to look into this, I like to think my FF14 character has an awesome outfit currently."
Deez nuts is older than the web.
Interesting.
"Yes, but sweating alone won't make you stink the place up."
Wow I didn't realise you get so much height from a straight rocket jump with pharah
Few songs are more disturbing than this.
"He can only tie her this season by making it to day 99 (last day, final 3)."
Working from anywhere is a very very bad thing if you happen to be a firefighter.
But I thought this was an alt right sub?
That is absolutely not the point.
"Stephen is his middle name, I think."
He totally contradicted himself.
Hero stacking is integral part of the game
You hiring?
Freedom units* ftfy
Lmao
"the 3 hour thing is USA's doing, though I'm sure Vince doesn't give shits, he just wants to kiss Roman's ass and make Roman a gary stu."
"Surely it's your hair, not hers, so it's up to you what gets done to it."
too late paps.. if your southbound on EDSA Quezon Ave your screwed..
*citation needed.
Oh well.
"theft is wrong, but damn if sometimes it ian't understandable."
#THE TOLERANT LEFT STRIKES AGAIN FOLKS
"I'm sure that's one of the many reasons, but I dont think it's the main reason, many players tend to quit temporarily due to exams, work, or because they feel this game is draining their life and they prefer to take a break from it"
"Yeah no shit, there are over a billion chinese people, so the probability of such videos taking place in china is quite high"
legalize all drugs so these kids can be numb
I'm a little worried because it was already hard to defend picking a kicker in the second round but he has been shitty as fuck and I can't spend every second of my day defending this pick.
One for each wing.
your link \#dead
Gameplay starts at 8:00
So I guess their souls were beamed up to the mothership.
That's some DLC I'd play the shit out of.
i've run the numbers and this checks out.
Have you tried turning it off and on?
"Dream Team: Group together your favorite figures into a team, each in their own unique ""hero pose."""
"No , this article IS positive , it's ridiculous and pathetic giving reasons to clear her name on every ""charge"""
"the weight difference,... wow"
"Damn, long but very good read."
They don't even have a black ribbon
Isnt that bakcang.
If you need to ask then you can't have one.
Just filter them out
That dude is nowhere NEAR the mic
hallo
Next year.
2 of them were Turn Down for what and PIMP
What you are looking for in c# is 'readonly' .
But they're an election-winning machine!
"Yes, from what I've seen here it's mainly Europeans who mainly talk about immigrants destroying our culture"
I hate that I can only see it 3 hours away
What happened?
Avocado samosa sounds like heaven actually.
"If she was on top, gravity stops you getting pregnant anyway"
I see nothing wrong with the driving habits of the cammer.
What's up with your SV then?
Metal bed sheets
A pop up nav screen and that single din hole in the dash would drive me nuts
so most people on team mystic?
Jail solves everything.
"When I used to play tdm I would play solo, so if I had to guess I would say 1 game winning streak"
Just snapchatting pictures of him and Oladipo at all the places he and Durant liked to hang.
Got me out of being profiled as an IRA gun runner in 2006.
What fertilizer do you use?
Were does she post this stuff
"Wrong kind of asian, apparently."
I'm cutting onions.
I think the idea here is that the first behavior can lead to the other.
"So we can expect Ragen to fail the Ironman, then declare herself a professional athlete, and retire from competition later this year?"
Stealing this method.
I think he is coach for longzhu
Zenyatta has a secondary fire?
Ferdinand Marcos the Second.
yes.... :(
Latin Kings baby
"Turn atheist and euphoric with the knowledge that you are free from the wretched, corrupting nature of religious thought."
"Hindi ko gusto 'yung ""Vox"" dahil mga dilaw 'yun..."
Could you be more specific about how this milk is used
Poor thing...the strain must have been too much on her.
Uh I just ctrl+f small and that doesn't even show up
That's what they want you to think!
"Yeah that power connector really looks ancient, how old is the cat though?"
"Yeah but they are ""moderate""..."
"It's all part of MAD, new bunkers means less chance of a decapitation-strike."
heyyyyyyyyy D:
"And yes, cause I live by the CET timezone"
And I thought the sauerkraut fest was in Phelps!
"True, I never find anything edible on Netflix."
"Yeah, I always imagined Dune as a softcore skin flick."
"While we're at it, I just killed a blue pack who dropped a Skyforth and a Kaom's."
"Or in Spanish class, or through her ear gauge hole."
"Well,they needed a sound guy and MC."
i had 6 exosuit upgrade place on my starter planet.. i can carry so much carbon now
"I guess, but wouldnt you get urayne in that area first?"
pc gaming so expensive.
They just faked their deaths.
Every thin FEMALE is an unhumane monster!
"Yes, you *do*, in fact, sound like a preeminent construction analyst."
Great way to ease racial tension and get a positive image on your cause
Baltimore isn't even the greatest city in Baltimore
"Lol thanks, i'll try"
"wow, what realistic blood"
"Dunno, it's not like they directly interfered, (at least from the gif it doesn't look like they did) they were just there and seapupper did whatever it needed to to survive."
"You're right, 20 games for a deliberate slash to the face is unacceptable"
"Yeah, I'm sure the FBI never asked Clinton about her intentions or did any investigation on it at all after a year of investigating."
Whats the difference
But wearing skinny jeans would be like wearing single ply briefs
This made me so horny.
I'm sure Valve will retract the AWP nerf any day now.
you got that 36 inch long android huh?
"He's been a secret agent for y'all all year, hasn't he?"
"Good thing climate change is a liberal hoax, right?"
"Dude you are missing some killer games, like Knack."
At Maha this past weekend he mentioned trying to get Fill in the Blank down to 3:30 for a TV appearance.
it's cities skylines all over again!
"because republicans don't care about black people, of course."
"It's 'logged' you asshole as in they 'logged' several items out of my ass, which based on size is considered a ship too."
Green but not renewable.
"Yeah, instead there should something basic, like proving you're eligible to vote."
CNN will be all over this !
I did know reaper had hair
The fact that wilder is a meme means that he will never truly die.
How should that be relevant?
THEN BUILD TANK ON ADC
Not even the Leafs!
"Yo, nothin' says Reach nostalgia like a new Phaeton!"
"its also her house, but she will get the kneiv"
Because it's their body and no man should have control over it!
#ISLAM IS THE RELIGION OF PEACE #NOT ALL MUSLIMS ARE VIOLENT
Forgot my
10:00 pm start times yayyyy
"also ""SUPPLY DROPS"" that would be good too"
EVE Online?
IT TELLS ME THAT WE SHOULD BE NICER TO THE TERRORISTS!
"No one else is hyped, we're actually rather uninterested in Far Harbor."
But what if that bundle of cells doesn't grow up to be something that inventories identifies as a human?
TEACH THE CONTROVERSY!
No these are high info and well educated voters!
It doesn't go with chinos
"I'm pretty sure the author knew that, considering how much the narrator talked up his sick reference game."
"I probably should have mentioned, not my video."
"jagex stole this supposedly from the rsps you mentioned there, which was then stolen from a movie/novel, which was stolen from a 2000 film/1999 novel everyone steals everything"
BUT OMG ANYCAST IS TERRIBLE FOR ANY INTERNET APPLICATIONS
Just pick tiny.
This kid thinks he's more privileged than Brock Turner.
They did it for the integrity!
GABBER=LIFE
Color me shocked.
[- .. -- .]
"Yeah, why does pandering work?"
"Yeah, because those Ballpark Franks are just bursting with flavor to begin with"
INB4 - my thats why I have my PS4 over my PC; It runs off my imagination and not on a Hard Drive.
"Germans are white people, who cares what we say about those krauts"
Sounds like someone didn't get that sakura miku they wanted :^)
The dream of the 90's is alive in Portland.
so you're saying the sunset was more interesting than any of their sets?
"ERRR, pretty sure it's 2016!"
"This can't be, the Chiefs and their fans are so classy!"
"So, win win, right?"
"Vote trump, because if we burn it all down we can build something new, later!"
"But, but they all like the niqab and making laws that force them to remove them is against their rights!"
"well imt is the second best team in the world , so tsm dropping a game against them is not a big deal"
Yes because pushing sexuality protections in ENDA under the Bush Presidency was a winner
well this time is for real
"Just remember, creepy shit is totally okay as long as the creeper is sexy"
I'm sure your profound insightful-ness will change everyone's opinion who's reading
And yet we all know how effective those official channels are.
It's truly shocking that a forum would host users with conflicting opinions.
Surprised college station didn't make the cut.
ITS CALLED HENTAI AND ITS ART
"That's a good counter point, and lord knows I'm gonna consider anything that involves me working for the Leafs!"
Well we all know its the **OLD WHITE MANS** fault that Britain left because why would they care what happens to their country if they die soon.
ManFart
Luckily HBO isnt running for the Democratic nomination to be president
"Oh yea, we definitely want to trade places with China economically."
Did you by chance have the transmitter plugged into the Xbox one?
I want to know about the one picture......
"Everyone thinks I'm disgusting for it, but Mac &amp; cheese with ketchup on it"
Half a billion dollars to play baseball is insane.
Meh
I did and he didn't understand.
"In order to better respond to customer demand and ensure we always have a vehicle for you, we now have surge pricing."
Never even heard of monster bar.
"Excuse me for my ignorance,but isn't Luke's x-wing just a standard x-wing like very other ship?"
"You people are crazy, why would you want your vote counted we already rigged the game against you."
Wtf those are some low standards
Can we still dig them up?
Yes
$100 says he completely made up that NYE party interaction.
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ IM WAITING ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
congalala is super hard for me gore magala is super ez but HR GM is just LR GM but with like 50% more damage
Asian fit is real.
"that movie irradiated me since they explain everything, I liked the thirteen floor better it was similar."
A winning season would be cool
buy a key via steam market and sell it via paypal
I'm sure you could figure it out.
"In which he said ""racial discrimination against blacks doesn't exist because I am brown and got into an Ivy League school"""
A dream is a tweet the developer likes
"For Mormons it's 10% of your income for life + additional donations, paying your own way for your missions, etc"
"And now we have ninja flipping giants with huge swords that bleed you in a couple hits, and double-team you."
but the quote is by oscar gamble so its being adjusted to better portray BSM.
TCU can still lose
Holy fuck what
It was good until it started getting cloudy and windy towards the end of the game
Anti-police rally sounds like a tame version of a riot.
Watford is in Hertfordshire
that's it
"I mean, there's a minimum standard, but it's not the most important thing."
And Leia didn't even give him the time of day when he was mourning.
PA V MIMMS MOTHERFUCKER
I like this
These kids with their yolo yaoi culture.
Give your Aunt a high five from me
"war crimes are within the orbit of the International Criminal Court (whose authority is recognized by the US),not the ICJ, so American nationals could be sentenced for war crimes But, OTOH, the UN Security Council can prevent the Court from investigating or prosecuting a case"
# BIGLY
Cutting weight
"Great, my least favorite part of a movie I didn't enjoy will be back!"
Those look inspired by the Air Force's prototype XB-70
Who the hell do you think I am?
Anti Social Socialist Social Club?
You might want to add a
"Colin once dreamed about a zoo so small, it could fit inside a key."
Hate crimes are for white men only!
"Like I said last time (and the time before that...), more gun safety training is guaranteed to fix this recurring problem."
"Some people don't give a shit/don't know anything and end up with the ""point a to point b"" mentality."
We shoot them in Canada too...
"This is brilliant, thanks for the laughs."
"I agree that it's a side issue &amp; detracts from discussion, but it's not whataboutism IMO."
I thought you were going to say you could pleasure women with your prehensile nose.
Then they are cocksuckers and she should have fought it.
"It was at the bottom of the hill well before that, and now it's burrowing into the ground."
"I'm not even a girl, but that turned me into a lesbian."
"That's ""you gun-toting, bleeding-heart liberals"" to you, sir."
We are all extremists... just look at how many horrible terrorist plots they've prevented through mass surveillance!
1 is not standing
Celestial from the Latin root for sky or heaven Terrestrial from the Latin root for earth or land The Latin root for star is stella; so stellar kingdom (sounds all right by me).
It was
I don't like watching pc.
I still find it hilarious.
"Fuck, I wish they would."
"I came out of a fucking VAGINA Like, seriously how the fuck"
"No, they all were guilty of murder."
Thigh highs!
not much man its been a while
PM'd
"If you're that athletic, why waste your talents playing a boring sport like baseball?"
"Correct, but probably the really good stuff is gone."
What makes you think drugs aren't involved
"Obviously we'll have to restart the entire tourney, this time with a stricter character checker."
I JUST WANT SEASON 7 TO START SO I CAN PLAY THE EXACT SAME BUILD AS I HAVE BEEN FOR THE LAST TWO FUCKING SEASONS THEN COMPLETE EVERYTHING IN TWO WEEKS AND NOT PLAY AGAIN FOR ANOTHER THREE MONTHS
"No, it's a complete shoot."
1200dpi and 4 in game
What was it about being from Quebec that made her a bitch?
"Wow look at all those misogynistic BernieBros, they probably want Trump to win!"
You know you have mature people when they are all marking their territory.
$35 + 5.99 shipping
Do a barrel roll!
#ThirdFaction4Lyfe
Just a flesh wound.... a deep life-threatening flesh wound.
Impartial...
"I don't know why either, I guess my comment didn't contribute anything to the conversation."
"Unless, you know, the labour pool is much larger than the number of Costco employees."
"damn, Mexico and canada must have a really good economy for everyone to afford rent like that"
Im in cyberport and i cant find any!
"Ok, so now I know not to stand on the throne to get a nice overhead shot of everythang...cuz I almost did it today...but went for the side up high as tall as I can stand shot....thanx op"
Fuck that was spot on.
"this is reddit, we can't miss anything right?"
Just corrupt as fuck.
Dat hairron.
"Dude, spoilers."
Yes all those Jeb Bush shills must be furiously working to bury this.
I love this so much
Yeah because women don't need sex.
What a surprise.
"Right, any day now UT is going to leave the top five 'reddest' states."
Liquid and the other members of c9 sigs have completely different colors LOL.
Feminazi's will cause their own downfall
"No, I meant the African Muslim Party ... below the ugly dog"
"You've got clearance, Clarence."
Tell people you'll buy them keys to get into their good guild
why you mad faggot?
It was clearly atheists yelling a inside joke
I was thinking the same thing lol
"And a much, much more acceptable excuse than the truth: gay panic."
"Besides that, if you can get someone who studied in 'Universidad Nacional' they tend to be the best dentists around."
Wow it has Bose so it must be some sort of super car only celebrities can afford
Gimme a second
I've never seen this one before!
Not just a Baltimore problem.
That record isn't going to correct it's self.
But the Earth is God's Kingdom and He wouldn't let anything like that happen.
Bournemouth with a nice Fellaini cosplay in that one.
Yeah because mental makeup has nothing to do with a players success or failure
I can't even imagine how it feels to have someone shit on all your efforts and sweat and dedication you did just to get to the top.
A++ You're crushing it brah...
"Yes, ""period products"" sounds much better than ""feminine hygiene products""."
"Well, I often joke with my brother who both has celiac and lactose intolerance that he is a picky eater, even though I'm a vegetarian."
I hope her name is Daisy
Should've got a 390
*cough* Battle of New Orleans *cough*
"So true, you never see a happy virgin, ever."
Now we can front run calpers we only have to wait 20 years!
"Sorry, i don't play with kids, I play adult pc games like call of duty."
"Yep, complex economics definitely boil down to a 4 word sentence."
Name me three black sabbath songs
Shut the fuck up Donny.
Bitcoin mining with their client
"You're right, he should be punished for entering a state while having the wrong skin color."
It was always free on GOG.
They should stop expecting handouts and get a job
That's so generous of them.
"That would be great, especially because the environment looks heavily irradiated."
tell me about it
I will never hate an episode of anime as much as I hated the final episode of Tokyo Ghoul.
"I swear to god man, when the touch comes out, like, soon, it's gonna be awesome man, like I promise, it's gonna be better than the Vive, hold your breath it's gonna come out!"
Fanboys as far as the eye can see.
Maybe...
Evolve did the same thing and was a smashing success!
Surse?
You're definitely lying since all rich people are evil conservatives.
Is your m8 Usain Bolt?
We are starting freah if you want add OttomanKing_
Dude me too I've got like 3 or 4 last night within a few hours.
literally useless
more like @(o_o)@
Time to get the dog filter out
Well why dont you just build a wall to keep the foreigners out
Football is known for opposites fans fighting eachother in some occasions.
They're all racist congratulating them on their black death count!
because they just have Wins
Thanks!
its definitly your teammates and dynamicq who are holding you back right?
"But bro, you used the same character as Moss, so it's totally stolen."
"Well something must have happened before the video starts that shows the cammer pissed off the other driver...... So, cammers fault."
"oops, apparently you can't **read** the emotion of sarcasm I missed an"
"I think the :-) is code for sarcasm, like"
It is welfare states are always succsessful because you can always rely on the government to be efficient and make smart decision!
His favorite dinosaur is a Spinosaurus.
At least it had that hardcore end game content that everyone wanted.
"If he's not shaped like a gorilla smuggling pit bulls in his jacket, how are we supposed to see him way down there in the ring?"
Because everyone knows that having 16 opponents is easier than 1 opponent
You should support the more open platform.
Very possible that Sapp threw this competition as well.
If only LeBron had knocked up Savanah 3 years earlier ...
"Well UK just like the European Union, i guess it'll take a few days to update the map."
Let me be in it or die
These noobs don't care for the FUNDAMENTALS!
It's better to be sovereignly fucked over rather than get funding from undemocratic socialists.
You have now been banned for vote manipulation
But Weber made team Canada?
"Yep, I got pretty sexy knees"
"It's a reach, but just maybe.."
This is SandersForPresident not sure what you expected
"You might step on a poisonous bug, be careful."
"Ya, that'll keep him from getting charged with felony aggravated assault w/ a weapon"
Definitely on his way towards best 11.
The hero we need but don't deserve.
"She'll exit prison a changed woman for the better of it, I'm sure."
Valve camber to the max
A much better bench this week.
"82, I believe."
It's part of the Rebirth initiative
"you are correct, stage 1 is just a tune"
"I never switch characters ingame, I like sticking with one through out a game."
Can't be that dumb if he got beheaded more than once
What did they reply?
There's a vine account that uploads the entirety of Bee Movie in 6 second parts.
"I thought Carvalho was very good as well, actually let down by the immaturity of Sanchez and a few others."
Clearly never heard of this place called Ammu-nation
And hang out on porches
Flair checks out
Fuga's Wild Ride.... to hell with that place
Pulling out a gun is a loud noise.
Wow that sounds fun.
"Can we all get in on this, or are we being greedy?"
"God put this bacteria here knowing we would use pet plastics, and he wanted us to struggle for 70 years before he made it known that this was here."
oh shit
Stop.
You have learned the German word for arrival.
Why not?
You really aren't paying attention or reading between the lines then if you think it's been going exactly the same as 2008
"It's called professionalism, maybe one day you'll grow up and understand."
well he did say who you work for so it's a good chance it was him
How long did this take is it fully cooked?
I disabled my badass rank for this.You can see me do that in the beginning :)
Glad I didn't clicked.
"We are about 20 guys on another center server, not as aggressive as them but we are trying to take over the tropical island for ourselves, those pillars are pretty nice turret tower property."
Well at least there is a lot more room for maneuvering in hopes of preventing an accident lol
But Hillary Clinton has more syllables in her name so she must be winning!
TIL Bonino has a sweet truck
So do you own a company that sells these lights or do you like receive certain royalist from companies that do sell them?
"But this is the internet, you're supposed to argue!"
Dont you mean the opposite?
the Crimson King?
"-10 karma, obviously truth."
As a NY'er who circlejerks about the high rent in NYC I find it cute SF people think they're little town is expensive.
"Yeah, he already said Australia"
Truue!
We have a better version named JR smith
He does have that Reynoodle air to him doesnt he....
nice PSA
How dare you ask for a starter frame that isn't Excalibur to be good!
Too soon.
This has got to be a windup.
Because the banks need more money.
Why you don't like freedom?
It's a lottery I need to move there and play I swear I get three numbers every time I'm calling them out on the occasion I watch live and my VPN doesn't shit the bed.
Serious question: will brexit cause London to shrink again (finance sector moving out) ?
That's probably not the only thing that got him in the end....
I'm 100% for limiting healing in decks but only if there is also a limit on the damage you can put in a deck
So the game starts faster and people don't wait to the last freaking second to do something for no freaking reason.
Fuck Money in the Banks
I can not even look at food before 10.00am.
"No, it just allows more of them to be deactivated - that's a subtle but important difference."
I heard that Attack/Defense is working properly.
Before I go further: are you pro- or anti- theory?
Why do you think we won?
"You could take all the fans out, wont make much noise anymore"
"I believe him, because that happens."
"Right, because she directed that commercial."
"I go shooting all the time, hot brass might sting a bit, but better to be burnt than to kill someone with an ND."
Maybe they just think black lives matter and that's why they're chanting it.
Which seven?
i love throwaways not
Punjabi man its the best language for music imo
literally unplayable
It is not?
"I was thinking rogue, but then I thought about the poisons, although they don't seem too bad to deal with"
I wonder how much money WB paid them for this marketing effort.
Felicity.
Wow what you just said is way more racist than anything Trump has ever said.
But they're supposed to be the best pixels!
"Not only that, but if the Fed loses control of interest rates a fixed rate mortgage at generational low interest rates would be a great thing to have."
zootopia is only for furrys tho
Tigers please score some runs.
"Who cares about the economy ""we took the country back"""
"reddit invented pepe, dat boi, and every meme ever made duh."
Around here six figures is like minimum wage
But if he didn't how would you know he's a nice guy?
So is Breitbart now part of the vast liberal media conspiracy aligned against Trump?
\#SHOVELGATE
"I hope not, Rallycross is the least fun to me, the maps are tiny and you never build up any flow or speed."
"TIL true feminism is about honing all your bitterness, laziness, and hatred into sexually manipulating others!"
It's the edge of the tree trunk laying across the roof.
Basketball lives matter.
"Oh shit, I didn't know."
"rounding down, 1/6 is basically the exact same thing as zero gravity."
"What, no piano?"
the HMD did while playing budget cuts demo and doing stupid stuff
"15k casa finisata, 20mp."
Because they don't need no education
"Ha, I use 55555, all those people trying to brute force my luggage are in for a surprise."
Why not both?
"Yeah, he's probably a lot richer and younger than he looks ..."
It's clearly trying to account for leap time
egg sack would be nice.
OMG UR POPULAR can I have an autograph :DDDDDDDDDDDDD
Not sure if joke or actually asking if something is wrong with his/her saddle.
Stay in drugs dont do school!
I've seen tens of these popups within last 2 years.
Amway Canadian Championship
She was competing for USSR before any of the US gymnasts were born!
Anything not specifically mentioned by Jesus is left up to the states to decide
"Yeah, but hey... $150 gift card!"
yeah but autobody work is expensive so it cancels out
"If Fifield says so, it must be true."
"Why fix what ain't broke, ln2play scrub"
you may have to upload them on your pc :/
There is talent all across the Ex-YU Area but there is nobody who is willing to organise and sponsor a big team.
DON'T FUCKING TELL ME WHAT TO DO SHITLORD
Where are the prostitutes when you need them?
Right
Use a sarcasm tag then
Not unless you either work for NBC or go to Rio.
I'm sure THIS will end in an indictment!
"You sure about that, this could be part of Spalletti's radical new strikerless formation that literally leaves the striker on the bench."
Didn't god use to want her to be pres according to her
Yeah I just had read the description and it made it sound like he just lied to his mom and it got blown out of proportion without his doing but he had been spreading the story on his own.
well this game is basically minecraft + dayz
What a right wing rag
"Their opinion is valid because they're women, but wrong because they're probably not thinking clearly due to the patriarchy pressuring and brainwashing them."
This must be why women love dick pics so much.
"Someone should have done some more research, because spoilers, [this is not where he actually dies...]"
Faster Than Light.
Ooohhh...a Trump scam...that's never happened before!
"Christ that's some mentally disabled legislation... ""His thumb can go above the trigger, it must let him pull the trigger twice as fast because now he can use his finger *and* his thumb"""
"*here come dat boi, but A- for effort."
Government wants to encourage marriages.
no you hate all music you joyless pleb
Break up with her
"I definitely agree, it feels like a really long slog to get a ship I want."
I hate ota reports but wake up every morning reading them.
"Nah, you just got outplayed, mate."
technically i did not - the fact that people have to be stupid to believe the notion in questions verifies the fact that people are stupid.
forgot which sub this was.
"Remember that in this alternative Kaoh Rong universe, Tai never backstabbed his alliance"
"I guess they teach it at the ""richcarowners"" class before you buying one"
"They changed it so it's a random 15 second buff, (a rare one at that) along with adding a toy one into the game"
Nonsense im with @Boshasaurus_Rex walls never have and never will serve a purpose.
Anything that doesn't agree with my opinion is irrelevant.
Yes because your political stance has everything to do with your skepticism of refugees.
"no, it's that they're savvy with abuse and know that anyone even hinting they might be wrong is gaslighting"
Nice I get a month of Civ before playing Pokemon.
The real question is Red Dead Redemption 1 on pc
"More than once, there are some big things going down, for instance, [lol not spoiling]"
"Yes, he was forced to make those statements."
Because the stories we tell have nothing to do with the way we view the world!
You'd prefer it were Saul?
My guess is he was doing some music recording and forgot to turn the reverb off on his rig.
Nope :P
Found the guy who works for gw
I think it was a fantastic sams actually.
And all actions which could ever be perceived as insulting by anyone should be illegal and fined by the Government.
"How about a line showing how the ball is going to bounce, too?^^^"
Wow I hate you
"Gee, that looks enormous"
Yes the fury x is the clear winner here!
picture 5?
Jungle Necro
Wasn't Green so it's not a flagrant
Gloves are for suckers.
Its awesome that 2 legacy items are getting 3D art after the league they were actually used in has ended
"But you didn't know, you're the parent here"
Ori now on ThePirateBay - cheaper than GOG!
"Dude, of course the C is silent, because you pronounce it senario, as opposed to cenario."
gg report for account sharing.
Why did you group my 30 year old self in with all the old people?
Nixtice League.
Trump doesn't need the Cuban vote
never
Better to be thought an idiot than to vote and remove all doubt.
Not being part of a superstate is clearly why New York can't be a major financial centre
$750k if a woman comes up with the fix?
"Chicago Also, r u retarded by any chance?"
"Vats just bcoz ur Polesh skum and wont R muny, lol!"
"Listen to us Germany, you are being ruled by sharia law, the only way to change that is to elect BERNIE SANDERS!"
"This school is getting soft, we need Donald Trump to step in to make it great again"
You cant write on federal currency that's illegal
That source is trustworthy though
Yeah but like...*besides* that
THE CRINGIEST KID TO EVER TOUCH YOUTUBE -defactoishere
"I drive a car from 1997, and I use cash registers at safeway circa 1992"
"the blue stuff is skyline, it doesn't say skyline on the packaging, but the address on the pack is skyline's address"
Funny I hear that's how long the average waiting room time is.
And I thought my spelling was bad...
"If you want straight up soft core porn, highschool of the dead."
Not even to eat and drink?
"2 Epic Carnival pulls would likely do better for you, with the Epic Carnival you're always guaranteed to pull at least 1 Epic medal and sometimes you can be guaranteed one of the new medals."
Tiger Woods Simulator 2015.
Time to become a warrior chieftain and try to rebuild?
I just want that Goddamn Dark Blue or maybe even a Goddamn Dark Green.
omg you're such a badass
Out in Maryland
Youre interpreting it wrong- every big club was utterly wank this season bar spurs
"How dare you, blue cheese sauce is the shit"
Not my video
2 Sasha Greys
You ain't wrong
Why wouldn't the UC be canon?
the old 'my dick is so big I can't even spel gud' approach.
Does a mean General Grievous though.
"the language he used mostly, i mean who seriously calls anyone a ""poser""..."
Straight outta troop 213
*Where is season 2*
"After careful consideration, I have decided the clean up is not worth it"
enough say wary Christians
Johnson is pro-choice?
I believe they call it entitlement.
I personally think they should take a leaf out of Blizzard's vac system!
"What, you mean you've never heard of 1984, aka 19th century Nostradamus."
A Fiio E10k is always a good DAC for Headphones around that Pricerange bec it has pretty much no competiton at this Pricepoint
"I for one would be very surprised if Google's next flagship ran Sailfish OS, that would be quite a departure for them."
Bingo hit the head on the bullet there bud
"Man, those shitty regulations not letting the free market leave people to die if they can't pay."
but muh tax dollars
So it's an extremely low resolution camera
I have a deck specially built for summoning him every now and then.
Honestly an amd a10 7870k will have a better gpu and cpu than that.
Death threats from Xbox Live children - Something to take serious.
It certainly has been an interesting year all around.
"The more important questions: is there a difference, and does it matter to them?"
How did you go about inducing lactation?
"Editorial layout, logo design, print design, spending the day in Adobe CC, QuarkXpress and similar."
It's Mother Natures Labia Minora.
If there is added sugar it's usually in the ingredients
We have condoms for STDs.
Someone should build a bot that links to the VVL everytime someone mentions it
"Is that an ""Evil Corp"" logo at the bottom?"
"In short, Wassernan-Schultz-Clinton FAIL."
And because North Korea has tons of legit war heroes.
So am I supposed to sell out and buy a Spotify subscription or support the corporate shills and let their ads disrupt the A E S T H E T I C ?
"Yes, but he's rich and plays sports, making him popular."
I hope this is
As is tradition.
The
Everything by Chris Morris is genius Brass eye was brilliant as well and Four Lions is one of the funniest films ever
It'll be on your invitation
thats hot af
There are plenty of subs for this..
Why?They make money.
Damn
Thanks Obama!
Dinosaurs and Sluts
"Yeah, they should call him SLANDERS, right?"
Does anyone else think this random Black child would make a good Miles?
they included innovation fee in ride... :D
"You should report that right away, mine is working GREAT"
"I hope he does so much, icardi looks like the perfect poacher type that would thrive with the amount of chances we create, not that keen on Lacazette tho"
you forgot this
"That's how it was before it got changed a few months ago, and it was very annoying because it's fast move speed and big blast radius it could just rush people and even if those people destroyed it, by the time they did it was already close enough to kill them."
Third time's the charm!
"Until you get Arado 234C, zip past at godspeed"
It's missing the hail and severe wind.
"Trying way too hard to be ""cool"" in the intro."
Then aim at the water
"okay, let's see here... wings, new boats, beetroots, expanded end... yeah we don't need that, we have polar bears now!"
Sending Niantic an email now in hopes of them not replying.
"And if it's not, it's just policy."
Also hot air rises?
So thankful we have a candidate with conservative principles
My CoC is fully erect.
Wow that's surprising.
Aye you're forgetting the Argonian Masterrace....
You're an idiot.
Which one are you?
I have had this exact conversation with my husband if he wakes me up...
Good performance and the ability to edit files locally instead of through some shitty web interface.
"See, smoke wouldn't be useless if we could standardise it across setting.the problem is your average player has no idea how to use it."
You mean besides all those people the Clintons are having murdered?
Harambe 2016
Sarcasm oftentimes doesn't translate well over text.
let's just give cops the ability to write their own warrants
"Galaxy, not universe."
thatsTheJoke.cr2
hav a fronk cum bb
This.
"I still liked the suggestion of ""basic lands"", since you need basics for them to enter untapped."
"false, it doesnt take intelligence to hate you"
And Orange Box ads everywhere
Glad you appreciate one of the single most main and overarching storyline in the entire series.
Just gonna go grab some scratchers and a pack of cigs... brb
"Yeah, being pro capitalism sure is a left wing position."
H I S T O R Y I S T O R Y
Religion.
you are a masochist arent you?
"It's my right as an American to know everything about you, and you know nothing about me..."
The bovine molecule is a milk sugar present in cow's milk.
"With option to buy, this is great."
I should go to the holding cell at Turner Field before it closes..
Thatsthejoke.jpeg
they did fix his bugs
But Albany Devils are all career AHL goons whose only shots are cheapshots.
"Yeah, most of Columbus recognizes Sgt Weiner as the Public Information Officer, but he is also one of several on a team of negotiators."
"And Skullgirls, King of Fighters, Tekken, BlazBlue, etc..."
Jsjajajajaj dale ey
"Honestly, it certainly helped that my teacher was extremely passionate about biology and genuinely enjoyed it, so she would go into quite a bit of detail (at least as much detail as time and the shitty curriculum would allow)"
"Yeah what a c-word, She didnt have to leave like that!"
Well.. *Women's Day* is the source so it must be true.
"Car just reinforcing the ""Bike Lane Ends"" sign."
They'll patent anything I guess...
Saving the wait for that frapuccino is definitely worth endangering a group of people
That's a suppressor not a compensator
Are those corn cobs sticking out of the ears?
"we make sure to have our game day suits dry cleaned before *every* game, peasant."
"If these are 1080 benchmarks, where are the 4k benchmarks?"
[.-/-... --- .- -]
dynamo q
So stop being bad and kill them as soon as they're out of their spawn
The mix of boredom and procrastination is a wonderful thing.
Oh you.
This is why you feed yourself off gamer fuel like Doritos and Mountain Dew.
But isn't everyone born in the US muthafucking A?
... yep.
"I feel like I'm pretty good at Pharah, but my death count also just happens to be my ult count."
Time for a Thunder Bay team!
That's gonna be a [](#deadcat) if he breaks the monitor
They're totally going to flip back to Sanders at the convention.
wow
But but but there safe zones from the scary guns surely you're mistaken
New way to say Fat Girl
"they were Hispanic, you ass."
Because we're all too busy working to pay rent AMIRITE huehueheuheue
I think it more like you provide an environment that instills the difference in right and wrong every day.
I used Nesticle for a while.
Don't forget she was named after the first man to climb Mt Everest: Sir Edmund Hillary.
Guess I needed the old
"Nothing more gayer than jacking off a dick, so stop jacking off."
Flair checks out
yea...thats what hes saying
Nerd.
and following it a permanent ban cause you are extremely toxic for leaving the game
"Gosh, I can't believe they want them to vote"
They should nerf it to 16m
"We did it Reddit, gimme my prize OP"
I don't think that he is denying that 9/11 happened but that it wasn't done by Radical Islamic Terrorists.
"It's almost as if we hold Israel, a developed democracy that we give billions of aid to each year, to a higher standard than a group that we have designated as a terrorist organization."
Dat integrity.
So old thread but just wondering how you're feeling about your prediction right now?
If Stamkos doesn't want to share some limelight with a goalie... good luck.
The Manequin
Lucile Ball spoke of eating this.
This is the same guy who bought a Cheo Dream Home for pennies on the dollar and flipped it for over 6 figures.
lore wrote to justify not putting a broken spell in the game
"They follow the winner, then have to wait for a reply before they announce."
"The problem with ""made up"" scandals is that at this point it's like a boy who cried wolf thing, the GOP has made up some fake stories and scandals, and now no one actually takes some of the more serious ones like they actually matter, because they just *assume* it's a right wing conspiracy."
I love the bandwagon flair lmao
Uber.
If they can stay healthy they are the 3rd best team in the league.
"If people didn't like Hillary Clinton, they wouldn't have come out to vote for her in the entirely optional Democratic primary."
But I like the feeling of disappointment.
This must be how it's like in Australia
Depending on the state you live in vote green party to end FPTP shitty voting system.
We are learning lots about people's past and how these revelations further the characters.
Someone who really values Internet points
"No, if europe does similar things its reasonable and democratic, because we are the good guys."
"Well clearly you're also cis-splaining, so everything you say can be denied by anyone without consequence because you're too privileged to experience and understand anything in life."
Not OP but please do
"It's still a good card, don't worry."
"Kid learns that the law doesn't believe him, and that dad's punishment is now."
Have a wank and move on.
What was her name?
ME
bumping college dropout
Arent the expansions free or no?
...what?
BHO or Barry seems popular too
We've become the circlejerk!
Never played WoW as a warlock or paladin have ya?
"summoned for 350 gems, got him 3 times xd"
"Am i alone in thinking that if that were me, i would have booted it back into the water?"
It's frustrating because there are a ton of legit reasons to dislike him that have nothing to do with how he eats.
I'm going to guess Missouri.
I'm sure Russ won't take exception to this.
"But obviously, it did cure them, however they just simply contracted it again, so must force themselves to have sex with yet another Virgin!"
Yeah those contacts are creepy af
The REPUBLICAN CONGRESS?
In what way did it sound wrong?
i really dont get how kerr didnt get one earlier he was so far out
Apparently you've never been to a ballgame...
"Sure, that's more likely"
"Your move, Bill."
I can't believe it's 2016 and i'm still getting rick rolled.
im pretty sure its just you....
THIS HAS TO BE PHOTO SHOPPED
It's almost as if republican shills are here to push Hillary in order to piss off Berners and galvanize support against Clinton
It's like the dunk contest - it gets harder every year because you have to do something no one has ever seen to get that 10/10.
Eh that might be your experience but certainly not mine.
"Um, but she was only going one way"
Tide... Roll over... Good boy!
rekt yo
It was a bad zero death because it wasn't _hype_ enough
The British economy will #GetBrekt
Good eye!
"#""Put the lotion in the basket."""
"You mean steal another flag, you flagstealers!"
"You simply re-typed the position, ignored supporting the premises and ignored answering the questions."
Elon says rocket had RUD on droneship
Hey stop fat shaming her!
Then everyone would be dead anyway
don't remind me
SHUT EM DOWN OPEN UP SHOP
How did you lose a belt?
"Watch your microagressions, bigot"
"That have to do more with games being online, so no one bothers to make ai good"
Please tell me again what I should and shouldn't enjoy.
"It's hot and humid en tabarfuck, but I love it because it brings storms like these."
I... I need to see this.
So bad we'll roast them twice.
Favorite fan theory- Theon Durden Least favorite fan theory- Sansa is the YMBQ
**SERIAL RAPIST** ^ftfy
"I don't think anything warrants that, but I'm not sure what that has to do with anything."
"On the topic, now that Lesnar tested positive for roids his win over Taker at WM 30 should be declared a no contest"
He needs to go home and sleep that one off.
he's awful yet his career has been good.
"I know maphack was pretty widely used in first w3 dota and scbw, didn't know sc2 has the same problem, thanks for explaining"
No more.
Sure you do.
It would actually be good if they said that.
Sigh... Guess it's time to trade for a bunch of bargain former first round players again.
I clearly meant economic policies...
Meh the Mountain bench pressing 200lb dumbbells was more impressive
"I am so ready for November to be over, I don't even care who wins anymore."
Jared Leto is not muh Joker
Definitely someone weaving my seven long luscious locks together
holy fuck that triggered her LUL
"Hehe, well I guess that explains that."
His beard is bigger than mine so he must have important things to say.
Because if it isn't the best that it can be then it's sure to die on you early after giving you unsatisfactory performance
Rejoice!
"That's what I call ""taking it standing""."
"Oh now hang on, rich people are all greedy and evil - I think there is a universal truth there we can all get behind"
Oh that makes it totally excusable then...
A little bit on the unoriginal side but I like the numbers.
Damn dude what's with all the Kyrie hate
Well I didn't read the article and your opinion isn't as valuable as mine!
Obviously this wouldn't happen in Haskell...
Just another example of niantic keeping instinct down
Thanks Rachel.
The funny thing is that all those drawbacks shows that sleep is incredibly important.
"Best thing to tell you is to use the ""group with me"" voice command, it pops an indicator of where you are at."
I don't recall seeing it on the control scheme.
It's not always easy to tell with a lack of inflection or intonation and
It probably still finished more races than their current car.
Man the socialism in Venezuela seems to be working on all cylinders.
"Ray was talking about leaving for an LCK team about halfway through the split, so that gives some idea of the issues they had with him."
But v3 has a shiny meta plate!
"When she was younger, she was credited as Haley King."
Correct.
But we have *more options*
"So the human world is actually a simulation and if we render the planet uninhabitable, we lose and find a way out?"
Haryanto
is snack
:)
"I don't see anything wrong, don't you like watching videos on YouT ube ?"
Don't think I've heard that song before
"Well please don't just take my word for it, and the women in your family probably tip better because they know the struggle."
"Gah his flow change is brilliant around a third of the way in, been on repeat since release."
"Ya, I think I may be able to have hours of fun with that over the course of 2000 years or so."
Exactly my point!
"Wait that cant be right, his campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said he doesnt personally insult anyone."
"If you're for real, you're the real mvp."
You sound so very sure of yourself
*cringe*
No we all hate Kanye
who needs cheats for Portal 2?
I guess that's what's genuine to him
maybe another bot could change that.
The twerk of '87
Oh yeah and you can't run around like a twat spamming right click so you can jump out and insta people
Maybe it's time to invent a new religion and force everybody to follow along
Waiting on that GPUboss bench
He got a massive buff yesterday on PBE
Thanks i never saw this yet
Who among us has never had an intensive purpose at one point or another?
So... now we have botnazis too?
You forgot the
Is there a way on the site to let me do Verizon's payment plan instead of a contract?
"Can't wait for paid ""early access"" games!"
It's the premium shroud and backplate...
Forgot
No guys he just has heart
It's good to see that mysticism is alive and well
you weren't loved as a child were you...
lol
They're fighting Spinnin
You prolly ugly af though.
I bet this is a tilt shift of a leaked episode 8 picture.
But they played teams with a higher defensive rating in the REGULAR season than what warriors had to go through.
"don't know maybe its this ""zesty dog"" everyone keeps talking about"
"strange, at 4.5k MMR SEA my allies are already using your ulti whenever there's a teamfight Kappa"
Yes but how do you git gud at dat kay/dee if you can't pick off people safely from a massive distance?
"It's OK, soon everyone will be a doctor, accountant, lawyer or politician, no one actually needs plumbers!"
"Yea, Sanders is the best on gun control"
"I'm pretty great, good job recognizing it."
His Username is important
My brain is stupid so it says yes too
Not after being on those crusty ass feet
You know there is something going on.
The only way to stop a drunk with a gun is another drunk with a gun.
[Pretty sure using ANY items or methods to reset your hollowing immediately makes Yuria fuck off]
The economy is really just like having a new carpet or hairstyle though isn't it?
ohh but you care enough to reply?
"What are you talking about Trump is a beacon of human integrity, intelligence and honesty!"
Jesus this isn't circlejerky at all.
You mean he raped her?
Hey how do you have 7GB of RAM?
"It shouldn't matter, the game is p2p."
"Nah, mods must be anti-LGBT Muslims, that's the only thing that makes sense"
Well naturally...i cant tell you how sinful it is until i see for my self.
How do you explain Sonic X then?
Now do some cutting and let's see how she works!
I knew it sounded familiar.
She might just be projecting really hard.
She is great as Magnolia in Fallout 4.
"Fuck that, it has nothing to do with the photo and is simply race baiting bullshit."
"IMO, this is a little disappointing."
What seti news?
I hope these aren't real because I don't really want to have a card **with a sticker** and a card *without a sticker* to choose from
"I mean obviously it's gaudy and an example of too much opulence, but Trump just takes it to another level entirely."
"I didnt know those two competed, i loved bf3, what made COD win?"
"Got all 3 consoles, it's great"
meanwhile stocks are pricing in explosive growth
Literally a retarded.
"I'm not in high school anymore, but I only graduated 3 years ago so I answered as it was remembered in senior year."
"Finally, a grow op I'm interested in"
He wouldn't work with the Sedins at all
"Mi-8 is too easy to understand for any manuals, comrad."
You're missing an
Now for the banks to not pass it on
By the Illuminati?
"Scott could just go for the aoe if he wanted to, or he could precision snipe Damian's nonvitals or gadgets to incap/disarm him."
My point is that QC hasn't EoL'd support for SD80x.
"Sure it was, everyone believes you HC."
Lamenting Langur
r/kosher
Vulture is confirmed for Homecoming
I use my dashboard since i can make sure my stream is smooth view my chat and easily change game/title
im a LUNAtic ;)
Nah im just butthurt cus i liked kd and he pulled this move
Why is this NSFW?
Your offering has been accepted.
Went all dye and got an empire mask over the i4 lol
We're all putting on a lot of *wait* now that we know the game is releasing soon possibly today.
damn militant redditors...
I'm sure that will go over well.
Oh boy.
Thank you
"If you love the hippo, then go to the hippo."
I think Martha has some words.
"Specifically to the rich area,s just ignore the spots that are on fire!"
If Bernie wins 157% of the Superdelegates he can win
Should people ever hold dissenting opinions from me ?
The only Hatch I love are Hatch chilies.
Because they are realizing the country is no longer theirs.
Don't sell them outside of the US unfortunately.
They're aware of the bug
ahhh... that comment makes sense now.
I'll dare to dream :D
Its one of them old cd things isnt it?
You could always Power Word Tentacles!
They got married in October of 2013 if I remember correctly.
"I'm not telling anyone to do anything, I was just answering a question with a suggestion."
Feel the Johnson
"Yeah screw the family that pulled MLS back from the brink, on many occusions."
ohboy
Fucking interstate teams
"5x, so that's 50% chance?"
I mean it just looked like so much fun
"I don't think the question was of whether the tool itself was illegal, but whether her thorough deletions were signs of bad faith."
1 in 10 ........ probably :p
Please take the movements of power at face value like logical people
Lol
Everytime someone tells me America is horrible because of the nukes I generally start asking them and they don't seem to have much knowledge about what Japan did in WWII.
"I can't believe that in (current year) there are still people out there that think letting these people flood into Europe to share their culture with the locals is a bad thing, fucking islamaphobic bigots."
"Wait, Summerslam is the season finale now ?"
Well obviously increase background checks would put a stop to things like this.
Try swappa
Where aren't your borders connected?
"Please tell me more, I understand little in regards to the economy but stein assures me it will be fluoride free, so I'm feeling pretty confident about my vote"
Believe you got your numbers flipped.
The real surprise here is that FYE is still in business
"No way, all those military guys end up dead, disabled, or crazy."
White bitches!
"Ted said he answered a question that Seb was really impressed by, they mustve cut that out.. poor ted."
Draft a center
Kyogre :) getting online now
"It is a valid reason, as long as you aren't running as the person who will bring manufacturing back to America"
It's called an acronym old man.
"Eh, I wouldn't say brutal, it's more tongue-in-cheek, that way fans of Fox aren't actually offended, and opponents get a little pat on the back for watching their programming regardless."
My Candidate Is A She isn't a message?
What's with the yellow tape?
"Hey, it's what I'm into."
Can't believe Ultron was played by a human instead of a robot
Trade verified!
"Well, there was that picture of Heidi/Michelle with Lee Harvey Oswald."
Working as intended!
"Then you'd notify github, have them issue a C&amp;D against botting THEIR service... LOL"
Why are you talking sense?
"Goddammit, Krieger."
most certainly.
"I've got a better idea, they can also pin white stars on their clothes when they walk around in public so everyone can see how privileged they are"
"But... but... they're ""the party of Lincoln""!"
"It's a good thing he's offering money, because she sure wouldn't get anything else out of it."
"Steam used to offer USD to canada, But for whatever reason in the last year or two converted over CAD users to CAD"
"I'll try the hazards, since those are sometimes different bulbs, and a problem I'd found since posting this is that the hazard switch can cause problems in that year range for the model."
On the top of the front page.
abbys
Come give your daddy a hug...
Why is no_one practicing with Liquid
Thanks :) I think he is.
Found the botter
Lol fuck off this is reddit
"No, but, sex is only something a man does to a ~~woman~~ girl when she's captured, like prey!"
"If it's not two meals, it'll be two years... time just slaps weight on you magically"
"Blowjob, rimjob, handjob, I'll do 'em all."
"I'm fairly certain T-Swift hasn't done the ""I'm a virgin"" routine for several years now."
The Donald is leaking
It's nirO backwards
And I though 30 was cinematic
I can't believe the gays did this to him!
"My mom gives me shit because I want to live with someone and get to know them and see if I truly want to spend the rest of my life with them before getting married - because apparently it's sinful to do that and instead you should be constantly chaperoned, never be alone, and then only have sex when you're married, because of course this is a good way to get to know the person."
Fuckin WEEBS dude
If you want fast motors there is the ZCI balanced and the SHS high torque ends if you want torque with lower speeds than go for the ZCI high torque
Yay more exclusives that are rare
"It's fun interacting with people that are equal parts entitled and clueless, isn't it?"
Well it's so wonderful that you guys are all so welcoming and understanding towards new people
Great post!
right cause persecuting people based on their religion isnt regressive and patently unamerican
"I'm not racist, but...."
"Yea, that's right,"
"There's Disneyworld in Paris, why bother going to the US..."
"Damn your xenophobic, ego-centric, jingoistic, 'Murican attitude!"
"He can't just change who he is, you jerk!"
best comic ever amirite women shouldn't be afraid to go out to bars alone ever
Harley Quinn looks hot af in the new Suicide Squad
I wonder if there are wives wondering where savings went...should be
I got detention once because I left school early for a doctor's appointment and forgot to notify the school.
Now you are trying to tell us this is an election?
But it's all valuable conversation
It was more cinematic for them
"Yea but you have to remember that since they are ""Syrian refugees"", they are all suspected terrorists."
I doubt anyone would get that joke on reddit.
"I'm pretty sure your wife is going to make the decision for you when you have to start paying child support (if she has any sense and/or self-respect, that is)."
ohhhh no how terrible
But is it compatible with my xbox one controller?
What a fucking laser
"STERILIZING YOURSELF IS HATING YOUR PERFECT GLORIOUS FLUFFY WOMANHOOD, YOU POOR THING I MUST RESCUE YOU."
Looks like he has agreed to terms with the Ravens.
Just stop darshan from splitpushing
Why dont you just make it a box?
"Ah yes, the old Ghandi in Civilization principal."
Niiiice
Lel you brainwashed libetard cuck!
yeah but this way reddit can hate on microsoft
"Well, duh, it was obviously the vaccines that over-stimulated the older son's immune system, making him have the food allergies..."
The next Red Dead title is obvious Red Dead Revengeance.
Shut your damn commie mouth!
"No, why would anyone on reddit repost a joke"
"1,151,459 This count sounds like zhige too"
Yeah dam you Liberals spending $300 million to help the most vulnerable around the world out of that $300 Billion dollar budget that was mostly spent on us.
PT o partido do povo
Yeah that one Qli player in top 16 at YCS Providence really showed that Card of Demise is busted
I'm getting a lot of crashes about ten years in.
god she was being annoying af though!
"Nah, with all these Mexicans and Latinos coming into America, there has to be at least a billion baseball players by now..."
But where's the fun in that
"Muhammad Ali beat Superman, GG Batman."
"Ah, I'm having flashbacks to the time I saw two women and a baby coming down the street and was scarred for life."
See you in hell fuckers
Did Cherry forget how to count again?
That was a rational and unbiased description of her.
Are you saying Natsu doesn't think?
What a bunch of utter cunts.
Wouldn't be the first time [[Temporal Trespass]]
Username checks out
That's a problem by itself.
"The birds were trying to suicide into the boat, but they missed."
I move away from the mic to nimbly navigate towards tendies.
Doesn't matter because Basketball!
"What, no Sonic 3 &amp; Knuckles?"
How dare assumptions be made when discussing the future
M'Fedora doesn't stink of cigarettes anymore.
Source?
"Thank you for the recipe, and for reading my post."
But that's *true love*!
Yeah man all those Azir junglers are just terrorising my games.
"You don't understand: he likes cats, so it's all ok!"
"He actually didn't forget that it was blonde and thought the fans forgot, which is why the draft was different."
As a Kings fan...what's class?
But I can't use fuze!
We are technically losing out on about 3.5 million in cap space this year by dumping Maxwell's contract bc of dead money but it's good for us in the long run
I have a solution for the Kashmir and NE issueI.Give Kashmir to Pakistan and N.E to China who cares of the geographic importance of it.Ofcourse Pakistan would not demand Khalistan will it?
Jimmy never did catch his fade...
Drain the Swamp!
Fuckin sexy
"Nah, I've really enjoyed having constant yellow/red bar matches this weekend"
Guise your helping clinton by posting this!
No.
"The latter, I believe"
"A lot of people are stupid, my friend."
Have I mentioned you're the best?
Don't you know that battlefield invent world war 1?
they were so close..
Do it.
not enough machetes to be Russian
"I'm sorry I have never heard of an ""original gangster"" GameCube controller."
"Im not even going to try and watch Dimension W, missed too many episodes to know what the hell's happening."
Do you accept skins?
No problem.
This should work /target @mouseover /follow /cleartarget Once you've made the macro ingame you will need to put it on a keybind and keybind it to whatever button you want on your mouse
"Stephen Curry won his 2 MVPs (14-15, 15-16) exactly 10 years after Nash won his 2 MVPs (05, 06)"
Obviously Notley started the fire
"Geo location, please?"
Mile high massacre was glorious
Trumpwave is a blessing
"Roight in the goolies, eh mate?"
Hahaha nta wa3are a khay !
"Hey, it works for Trump."
About 100 of them are voting against their constituents by supporting clinton
"If you're not doing maths on it, there's no reason for it to be an integer."
"yeah, people asking for help for a scared lost animal are the worst!"
I disagree
"Eh can't be the reason, Thon Maker is 40 and still went top 10."
"Assuming retained memories, yep."
Eh same thing right?
Nauplius?
"Once they've signed the contract, there's not much the agent can do"
Like a glove.
Check your cis-gendered privilege at the door.
Same percent who thinks hillary is literally lucifer
Mei the Ripper D:
thx man
"You might be confused about what ""making your vote count"" means..."
Pretty much everything besides maybe reading the defense.
In a free market it's also your right to bitch about someone else's product.
"The time travel stuff allowed them to avoid overwriting the continuity of the original shows and movies, and allowed them to still make a product with the classic characters that wasn't beholden to the shows."
"Fuck you, Team Z is the best, Team Y is utter shit though."
Democratic Socialism ... just like the Nazi Party
Have you two checked your privilege?
username checks out
"Yeah, guilting young women into sex acts they're uncomfortable with is so hot and spicy."
"Well, it burns burns burns, the ring of fire"
I choose to believe that popcorn is popping on the apricot tree.
Found the cuck.
Definitely happend
"No sorry, I meant to say Anon"
Lebron's going to the Warriors.
"Nah, he's one of us!"
"Yeah, that'll show them."
"I think he referring to why people flipped shit, I think everybody would drop dedo for scump without hesitation."
"I for one thank Turnbull for stopping the boats, as soon as those migrants heard about him changing is to fttn they decided to look for another place to settle."
"You raise a lot of good points, but while Nvidia has held the performance crown for the past few years, AMD has held it multiple times in the past; It's happened before, and it may or may not happen again."
I would give up my balls to play this game
wow this has never been posted here before
Man those sound like great values to teach children.
Will any former Treehouse employees do an AMA?
Is it because he's black?
"Summer Feels have got me down, in these memes I mean to drown, Slurp the 'Dew down from my cup, here come dat boi (o shit waddup), Although I browse the rare pepes, the season brings me to malaise, Come this Fall I must away, to join my true love Harambe"
"Heroes don't get caught, he's a loser."
If I can't get my way no one can!
What if David Near is secretly the voice actor for Funtime Freddy?
Who would have thought this would happen in Mississippi?
Sweet hat
"valar bookhulis, all books must die"
got an email as well today :/
But he is going to create MILLIONS of jobs.
And you know there are some 20-50yo RS gals in that ward who either can't or don't want to get pregnant who must feel -so- good about this little fertility pact!
Evil Corp
I just wish someone had explained to that woman that it wouldn't have happened if she'd just showed the officers the proper respect.
what map are you referring to?
looks like it's not gonna happen... Regi said 20k and they are at 21k+
The same happens to me even though I'm Indian.
Sorry buddy valve apparently doesn't like that
Why would I want to be distracted from my commercials by some ceremony?
No I don't
Good thing he'll be the UNIVERSAL champion then
You can't tell my children how to eat
Yeah make meths in international waters... because customs won't notice.
Negative attitude and toxic behaviour :(
**Good**
This made me bawl in the theater.
Serious question: How is this racist?
They used the broomsticks in one single exercise.
Oh no you have to play final level content properly now
"Looking at the likes vs dislikes on that video makes me wish that is how it will go in the election... Sadly it won't, but it's too close to tell who will win."
"its all about male privilige, blame male patriarchy"
"yeah, you sit there silently clicking the same exact pixel at the G E for 10 hours straight"
"you drafted him last year with like the 6th pick, right?"
you had a healer on PTR?
"Hording snacks, for later."
"He said album, not song"
Says some one who has never started from zero.
"The belt isn't even that bad, they should be focused on the two best wrestlers on raw"
"Oh wow, everything science taught me was a lie!"
"Step 1 should be lease a model s, no need to tie up capital/credit that could be spent on weekly puts."
"Sure, but some of them, he assumes, are good people."
"Yeah but Bernie is against TPP, and Bernie is literally the best thing since breadlines."
Yeah they're both the same.
Dark matter PaP camo
lol comprehension is defs your strongest skill isn't it?
Oilvault packs so if you are ever in a workplace accident they can whip it out and give you a super-powered mormon blessing
"in b4 someone else replies ""it's not a coin, it's a platform"""
But Combolock is dead right(after Arcane Golem nerf)?
"The girl, obviously"
Happy cake day!
Who cares we won't have an ozone too long from now anyways.
Found the fox news watcher
"970 is a higher number then 390 that means higher performance, duh."
Obviously you don't know what a catch is.
That's because he forgot about Human Nature Biotruth!
I outsourced the protection of my family to law enforcement!
's fingers
'Cause he had already beaten him.
Better buy some upgrades for your player with real money.
Yea back when I was a wrestler and I was qualified for off season national tournaments I didn't train because my coach told me I didn't have to
"You bring the bath salts, I'll bring the baby alligators."
we all need a fair competitive ground to conduct our business.
you dropped this
Kazaa
Fucking cross crease glitch goals!
How dare you have sexual urges and a fascination for erotica at an adult age?
That is literally no Moon.
"My favorite part is the suggestion to use the ""prongs of a standard fork"" to approximate 1.5 inches."
Yeah push from behind on the fast break should be play on
5 days of begging in the ge
Finds additional booty while looting - increases silver gain by 10%
Wasnt that in the uk?
this is why I don't go out with people that went to Cornell
Stop complianing at least its a free feature.. tsss
Because the primary voters definitely represent the values as the entire populace!
Maybe they missed it
"But when she gave those millions of dollars of speeches, she didn't *know* she was gonna run for president!"
"I wouldn't worry about it, we got some pretty solid returns out of Denard Span, Ben Revere, and Aaron Hicks."
Needs more dogs
This is when you build a 60 card limited deck
I'm quite certain I've seen it target dps+healer
I'm honestly surprised no one has commented about the website the image goes to... seriously?
Its to show how verysmart they are to feel superior to others as a former verysmart person and an IQ of 169 i would expect you lesser minds to understand.
Put him up for 5k I'll be a nice guy and buy him
"hey you forgot sarah silverman, what a comedic genius"
because everyone knows that if this man didnt have a gun he would have all of a sudden changed his views on hating gay people and wouldnt have just found another way to kill them....
THIS MAKES ME SO GODDAMNED ANGRY!
"Nah, giving little Bobby a ""17th Place Winner"" gold trophy will only help him strive."
"Obviously, because it's just Trump pointing out how easily our politicians are for sale."
"They're not Native, so who cares."
But but but... why would OPs title lie?
"Trump's a jerk, plain and simple."
You just don't know what you want.
Yay.
I can't imagine there being distractions in the audience of a NASCAR race.
once BFZ rotates itll be playable; is that a possibility that you were hinting at?
I wonder whose millions are larger though?
but the human eye can only see 24fps!
Yeah but who in america cares about black people LOL
"I can see why they took it away, but I'd love them to bring it back in the Caverns of Time, especially considering MAJOR LEGION SPOILER [what happens to Varian]"
"Good, now it can be as powerful as the current PS4"
2016 US Election Cycle
What was Bush's excuse?
And the Coldest Winter.
"But that's what everybody does, right?"
"Maybe he meant to say ""my driver's favourite driver"""
"No, that's who real guns are for."
"Yes but he can't readily imagine it, so it must be intrusive and not helpful"
Yes they do and afterwards the pee is used as lube so that the driver can slide out of the car faster.
Luckily they upgraded to glorious nippon steel so they could use straight edged blades instead of curved ones.
Yeah Trump would have been an amazing Secretary of State.
I don't speak Spanish but i hear ya man.
You are a race traitor that sided with the evil white devil!
"Yeah, a single mother accepting help from her father in law SUREE sounds manipulative."
"I kinda like having it showing, and you can hide it if you want, but to each their own."
Because you're a misogynist and only misogynists point out things that solely benefit woman
Lets get the customers to build the game for bungie
Great content.
"Whatever, that game is a classic before the first line of code was written."
That's what ya get for not buyin MERICAN!
"Then you miss out on all the cool animations and noises, that's half the fun."
Trump is amazing and tells the truth
# #TeamRNC
"stand ground, kitter"
"Where does it say ""people who disagree with me should die?"""
Celtics of the NFL now
He actually said he's going to step down when Russia stops suporting war criminals.
Brutal
you bought a gun store?
BLAINE
"Dude nothing beats my lucky Crash hoodie, it helped me get to 1st base."
Recovery
Editorializing at it's finest.
How much we talkin'?
I use Helton who's consistent
Too busy keepin those homer glasses on.
"I mean Trump wants like 10 trillion dollars in tax cuts with increased military spending, wonder what that'll do to our debt."
pedicabber?
"Also, not really Clintonville."
Danny Glover.
You also didn't put the picture
^(releasing on valentine's day)
Yeah nowadays the only passes we make are backwards
Or maybe none of the Clipper's rings exist.
tr4sh
"Yeah, Nevada killed Bernie's ""momentum"" from New Hampshire and foreshadowed South Carolina and Super Tuesday..."
What did you correct?
Or medium both work
Clearly we're just going to keep running the world on oil until society collapses.
Thanks also what playbook do you run?
"i wasnt aware that ""i dont like when game is full of bugs"" is being a purist."
Olive garden
"Hard to place Ninja with just two games played, but I'm guessing C tier with a chance at climbing quickly if he starts becoming the central playmaker the Renegades really need."
"Exactly, I think OP just hates nep nep for some reason."
I'm glad some people like it.
I don't watch that show.
"I mean it's a valid enough suggestion, and it took like 1000 threads, but the alt-click exp bar suggestion was implemented."
Riiiiight...
Ditto
why wouldent you use a flat map for this beautiful data
Poor guy would probably have a heart attack on the bench trying to coach these guys.
Well thanks for ruining my good mood you piece of shit
hey op im planning on getting a bird have u got any advic
do u like borderlands?
You're hilarious.
"If it's just basic first aid it's really easy, although usually they have that shit planned in advance where all the employees can go at the same time."
thats clearly a sys admin job....
I'm so glad to see Patty doing so well
"But that's not how people use that phrase, and you know that."
this is gold.
Minions make it 'wacky' and hilarious!
"The Phoenix Splash, Michael, as it is called."
"you just got outplayed, what a shitter"
Remember when they said SFV wasn't hype?
Oooh how nice of him.
Slightly surprised I find myself upvoting you here.
"I think you meant: Don't mind, dickhead!"
"So, it's genetics?"
Darude - Sandstorm
go fuck yourself
At least you didn't crack the screen or bend the phone itself!
TIL.
Wasn't this a vine?
"For me, I got some symptoms in my eyes, the ophthalmologists did MRI (twice), and came back with a shrug..."
Their political system
My 30 year old CRT never had any issues with dead pixels
Git tae fuck Orkney I feel shite for having to live in the only place that has a decent boat to your shitey harbour
"Try reading my next comment, Sherlock."
She officially changed her stage name to Mama Ferg
I hope he gets voted in so smug American Muslims can realise why having close knit communities is important.
Not over powered or unbalanced at all.
How?
"oo no, parang kung hindi pro-Marcos, pro-Aquino na agad."
"....which would be about 6 seconds, long enough to be stabbed to death."
The joke was about Voyager's overuse of the Time Travel Plot Reset ButtonTM
You dropped your
where is item?
Yes one policy where there was a somewhat legitimate change in circumstances
Then when I try to point one out I end up being wrong and she won't focus on anything else until she pulls up imbd or wikipedia and *proves* I'm wrong.
But the camera wouldn't be attached to the car so it would only be the car that has motion blur.
get gud
Use a bread knife next time you down syndrome fuck.
What's in the pool?
"Exemplary service of a ""making it right"" moment!"
"Thanks, sorry."
"Only black people have big dicks, obviously."
Well you would need to take 4 of those tabs (with tolerance) to feel the effect of one of those tabs (without tolerance) so money wise not worth.
Well this is going to make for an interesting off season for us Laker fans
I fundamentally agree!
"At my school we have these, and we even play older games and stuff besides league, CS:GO, and the big games"
And don't forget that climate change is a hoax created by china to undermine US industry!
You mean thrift stores aren't like libraries?
My daughter stood up unassisted for the first time earlier today.
Still waiting for you to explain us how to run out of Nav Coords
"Oh right, happy new year guys!"
You're going to have to keep us updated on how this turns out.
Free shipping?
"Not necessarily his dick, but a bag of dicks"
Am I the only one that thought it was Thomas Roux?
"Of course it's a hoax, everybody knows celebrities aren't regular people and can't just die from natural causes."
Add the
"happy ofc, he always gets kills"
No you would still be .01 yards short.
"We didn't get hard hats, but we did chant an extremely inappropriate song for first year students."
I'm quite confident Leuenberger will take 27.
You fucking monster.
DNA Surgery and Number 86
"Excellent time for Google to buy it, drop another 10 B to get coverage up to snuff, rebrand.....start printing money."
"But the shag looks so good, it's cold so I need the socks, polyester feels sooooo good on my body, and where else would I keep the cat but down my pants?"
Rather have Mignolet
Nice man!
"Comment replies, messages, pings all go into the same message folder on reddit as far as I know."
"Take the cancer like a man, the way your great-great grand-daddy did."
I will make sure to under clock it so the speed won't kill.
"Guns kill people, you know."
talk about new money amirite
She's banned in a lot of my bronze games so she must be op!
This comment collapses under a weight of self importance and pretentiousness.
I hope you just didn't use an
Sure the Nazis did it and they seemed pretty OK guys ...
"Such logic, only a genius would understand."
lovely dab
"When you execute a Poet for his words , Yay we going to compare you to ISIS who also would kill people who out speak against them."
Just because you're happy to say it does not make it true...
"Well, that's a relief."
GAME RUINED FUCK IS
"I'm a newly hired engineer, I KNOW my place in the world is very serious"
"Dude, spoilers."
Cyber Cafes are slow as fuck as well.
"Never had an Xbox, did it really have a black button?"
just white folks tryna take stuff that's ours
Battling Boxers
alcohol
"Oh, but I thought we got rid of all of them in the offseason?"
I remember the days when you could take a plane over with just box cutters.
working on it... thanks for the encouragement
"-25 fps confirmed, the sign is upside down"
It's only because men can't talk about their fee-fees
"Nah man, let's all make assumptions and hate on the game now"
Damn rebadges
#Meta Crucifixtion +5?
cuz it looks ugly
How original.
"Bro, he's totally an MVP."
Am I the only one who was a little surprised that it wasn't the Bronco's linebacker...?
Some one will be happy to take a peek
Clock killin' ~~Corey Dillon~~ LeGarrette Blount
"You're just here for iPhone typos and intentional troll titles, aren't you?"
STOP STEALING OUR JOBS
"Yeah, those knives will really come in handy when the fighting gets to man-to-man!"
"I know man, people need to stop expressing their opinions."
Did....did you laugh?
FUK U EA SHILL
Great to hear and have fun with your new rig!
Yeah but are those metric miles?
*poke poke*
"Twat waffle, cunt nugget... I had more of these names memorized when I wasn't so upset by the idea of someone being forced into a pregnancy they don't want."
Thank you!
"When the next expansion comes out, because by then it'll be free :-D"
You might want to try this on ELI5 or nostupidquestions
Thanks!
If you need help with animation sprites I can help :)
It's a karma conspiracy
When resuming from the home screen...
"Of all the stories that didn't need a gritty reboot, *Jungle Book* would have to be near the top of the list."
group-penispass denied
Every once in awhile I fire up an emu and play Excitebike.
"So 60,000?"
hey you stole my flair :(
"Come on dude, you gotta at least spell it right."
This is the darkest timeline
Please tell me the white thing under your desk isn't your bed.
"Yeah as far as I'm concerned they could play grandfinals on big blue with items on and nobody will have the authority to stop them, let alone for having a neutral start."
"Came too make a Steiner joke, but in all seriousness, Scott was pretty agile for a guy with hair like that"
Your MS Paint penmanship is amazing...
I know a dank mfa meme man irl
"Yeah...that'd be the tames one of the bunch probably, and that was egregious itself."
"You regretting your novelty account, m9?"
Did you get flaired for this post?
"No, hard copies."
Dat IR
Or you could be less assholish and simply donate your organs.
still the best super in the game imo (pvp-wise)
1st KC play prediction.
it used to be picked up on baka for the early clear
"But, but, but he Identifies as black!"
"Once again, comments and up/downvotes disabled... #NOFEAR"
next you'll tell me that Samus' final smash doesn't turn her into Zero Suit anymore.
From a physical and financial standpoint she's not the dominant partner in the relationship.
I will only screw you just as much as permitted by law!
That makes sense because Cadillac and Chevy are both gm
I believe it's pronounced
True LOL
How do all these grown adults with jobs have so much time to downvote posts on reddit all day?
"I'm unsure of the first question, are you asking where you can get the armor?"
L I T E R A L L Y A F A G G O T I T E R A L L Y A F A G G O T
Was the bed of a truck really not an option?
Fun Fact: It's warmer in Ontario than it is in California right now.
"Not me, it's good that we have the restricted/ATT system because it prevents criminals from bringing their pistols places that are not approved."
"He also used his spider web power, hard to say what that was about."
Yes.
I really wish that Interstate scheme would just die already.
Create LNK files.
"Couple videos ago with the whole minecraft pedo thing, he gained about 100k subs"
"Remember, Darkness4Life (Industrial one) and Refuse are fucking great."
Counterfeit happiness.
Holy shit one other person remembers Out of the Box
Only if Imperial players get to him first.
Pretty sure your right lol
"Oh, my sweet summer child."
To be honest most of the people commenting about the Cavs/Lebron lately have had a Miami flair lol
"Still no SLI support due to being a universal Windows whatever, right?"
Of course bathrooms don't count as discrimination
"I'm new to modding and everything, how should I start?"
instant gratification generation at its finest
"Right, because there is no propaganda in the east."
Nope.
"Are you ashamed to see someone be proud of the shape of their body, shitlord?"
what a mark!
"Jesus fucking Christ this entire argument is retarded Iron men don't deserve special privileges, they knew exactly what they were getting into in starting this account Having the ability to kill a boss isn't a privilege, it's a huge part, if not almost the entirety of endgame content, they aren't out of line fit thinking they shouldn't lose a huge amount of their kills because someone trolls and knocks out a hit, there's several incredibly obvious solutions to this issue but there's no way to do so with how normal players would react over the matter The fact is, ironmen knew what they were getting into when they created their account yes, but they have every right to speak their mind on how a currently broken and abused system could be fixed, people need to stop with these bullshit arguments about them limiting themselves, yes they choose to limit themselves, we all fucking know this that doesn't mean that if they're capable of doing so, they still shouldn't be able to go bossing like any other player would, the way it's handled at the moment isn't fair to those who worked their assess off to get there, likely SUBSTANTIALLY harder than anyone who crashes them on a regular basis This stupid fucking back and forth bickering needs to stop and we all just need to admit that as it stands iron man is broken in this perspective, and stop with this you limit yourself bullshit, they limited the fuck out of themselves and still made it to this point, they've earned the right to kill this boss just like any other player without having to worry about a single fucking damage making them lose their kill"
Republicans aren't people though
The 2 largest buildings in the world just fell over next to it...
Moob not boob
... the Federally approved way to alter your mind.
Because when labour are in power they aren't making life miserable for the poorest most desperate people in the country.
the half iso enter looks very useful
Micro Penis.
"Yeah, I'm sure she was coming home from church."
Like the looks.. But can't use it at my facility since it's not approved
Dogs can look up
Bro.. they're two and a half from the third seed.
That hurts my feelings men
"Finally an original, fresh take on modern prep!"
Bottas gonna do 2-stopper SS-M-M confirmed
He only won because Wisconsin is in the same country as Vermont
come on defense step up!
"Demons's Souls, Dark Souls, and Bloodborne all exist in their own separate universe."
Clearly you havent signed up for PaypalTM WorkingTM CapitalTM yet.
RIP in peace
Simmonds is a dirty player!
i shouldve put
That's why I said loved.
Poor attempt at trolling.
idk if I can afford that...Times is tough..
If you roll farther in the same amount of time did you not roll faster?
My lab.
"God, in this day and age?"
"Well, how was he to know that you would grow up to be hot?"
you go around sayin that in the 916?
"I'm guessing real GNP too, assuming national GNP is nominal, so that dividing by CPI controls for inflation, which gives a value normalized to a base year."
Yeah.
But I'm suuuure the BDSers will immediately launch a boycott of the United States.
Management seems to be openly leaning towards OEL.
"oh gosh, well you certainly told me"
Nobody expects the Adobe/Apple Inquisition!
Great!
No Psyduck/Golduck That's a surprise
Thanks!
That's not the same because men arent opressed!
"Eh, PS4 and Xbox One don't as of now."
"As someone with over 3000 hours in gmod and plays it every day for 3 hours, your fucking wrong"
"Yeah the Trump plan will be INCREDIBLE, arguably the BEST THING AMERICA HAS EVER SEEN."
Because their blogs are triggering Trans people who are super mentally stable
"He's supporting the company by doing promotion on social media, which is basically ALL communication that a brand like TSM has with their audience."
This is the *real* fight
Ya they discourage you not to use them eg you will pry get banned after a warning or so
I don't like sand.
"But if everyone's drunk, no one will be uncomfortable!"
"nah,kehd... i use the bowcaster"
Lol should have got the 390 cause its better
"That's perfect, thanks"
"Most of those are public employees, and public employees are bad so....."
I can only think of one solution to stop this abuse: erect a build at the border and make the USA pay for it.
TIL bicarbonate and acetic acid aren't chemicals.
What new champ select?
"didn't you read, it's his teammates that are getting killed"
planted by OBUMMER
"No, the earth is definitely flat."
Shoulda used an
I'm not sure if you're a piece of shit or a piece of shit who didn't put
Now I see why muricans need their V8s and shit
Probably just toss the ticked on them after they've run them over...
Fucking worthless druggies are a menace to society and should be put in prison
clearly showcasing the offense powerhouse Ruutu before the deadline
well yea cus hes dead
Yeah i forgot the totally comparable situation where the caps got 19 power plays in a game.
The Road....
All works of art.
I'm upset about the show being 21+ too :'(
But Bart De Wever said there isn't any racism against Asian people.
It's ok I didn't want to get into legacy anyways
"TIL ""epic"" means ""long and boring"""
"Yes, it is beautiful"
logic
Innovative I know
"Yeah lie to your kids, that will help them out"
"Yeah everyone knows people who only speak Spanish also know people who speak English and talk about politics I hope this isn't needed, but just in case ^"
"Form was shit, 6/10"
But you can't oppress rich people so it doesn't count
"I am shocked, SHOCKED I SAY, at this news."
"not that its any of my business, but you shouldve used"
I'm trying to install this to upgrade my Nvidia to AMD anyone help?
"It's ok, Tea used a permanent marker to draw magic runes on their hands"
"Ya, I mean, girls definitely don't get anything out of sex."
"finally, a deadpool!"
Aaaaaand that's why I cover all...
Beacuse TF2 got so many good weapons!
"See, this is why we need abstinence only, they clearly turned away from God and this is their punishment"
"Nah, it's definitely an alien that fell out of the UFO over California the other night."
It doesn't but it's something to keep in mind that people would never go on the internet and tell a lie with a brand new account
"Or, Film Critic Hulk might SMASH you!"
That's certainly how all those shadowbans happened
Do you not also believe that rapists should be charged with hate crimes?
Mid-January
Gee I wonder why.
"Klay did miss a 3 just before the half ended, so idk about that"
"cause nobody on those gambling sites plays when their under 21, duh"
"So, MS can copyright YOUR data next?"
lol you're trying too hard.
Thank you for uploading this.
i dont like black peoplr
Self defense
In bird law as well.
Could be they are great or could be they were undefeated until last week so voters were riding their jocks.
"They won CT pistol on cache, and T pistol on mirage."
I agree.
I say we hide Morty... Worst case scenario were back to running...
Is there any particular reason that US forces wreck UNSC troops?
He was merely method acting.
"It's easy to get a Tumblr education, just forget everything you know about logic hypocrisy and reality"
"Hey, it could use the extra 30 hp."
"The only speech I have left is one more in front of the district board, and those ones are pretty easy"
"Nah, you're thinking of 18 years ago."
"Yep, so let's keep rewarding countries with cheap electricity, because that totally makes sense."
Lack of motivation
"Pfffff, ""facts""."
[The JaguarBoard](http://jaguarboard.org) is another alternative that is currently on kickstarter.
Y for effort.
I like it a lot.
"my dad plays leauge of legends, he can play for us"
Are you telling me KD isn't the emaciated corpse of Shawn Kemp?
Good point.
"For the same reason ""everybody"" thinks citizens united, 3rd-wave feminism, and Bush are popular among Americans."
wtf
Leaves flood plain Enters tornado + hail alley.
A laugh track would be more fitting honestly.
Probably some time this week :)
"Not to be too pedantic, but they're not a government..."
I would imagine it to be more like Battle Against a True Hero
"I've had Charlotte for 8 years, and it's always been that way."
I would try if my fucking tablet can stop lagging.
Probably.
"Yeah, damm computer science, i just wanted to make games"
"He could be like Sproles if he was faster, quicker, more decisive, more elusive, and less fumble prone."
"Yeah, because saying that you have to treat women like shit doesn't make you a misogynist."
Well that's just your opinion man
"It's not weird, incest is totally hot"
But human eyes cant see more than 24fps
What store if you wouldn't mind me asking.
butwhy.gif
Why is OP posting Dana's post at all instead of just posting Jay's which is where all the jokes are?
Hey Deb
I sure as hell wouldn't.
"I fear that they will kill trump if it looks like he's going to win and make it look like an accident or some ""random guy""."
"Yes, because having 1 gun better than it makes it garbage."
Eraserhead is.......interesting.
Once they sober up.
Cloudy with a chance of meatballs.
"It made me feel more accountable, so I was influenced to waste less."
There were young babysitters in Bud's fridge?
"While I don't think this would ever come to fruition for a number of reasons, National Treasure is bad ass and you have my support."
"Flames lost the trade, Hamilton is a busy"
disappointment
"I'll try to find the link on here, but apparently Germany's debt to GDP ratio at the start of the war was about the same as the USA's *after* the war... Based on that, their seemingly impressive 1930s revival seems less so - the piece I read seemed to argue that it was a war of necessity as they'd spent so much they needed to plunder neighbouring nations to maintain what they were doing."
"wow, have you noticed that many Bernie supporters are turning to right wing conspiracies now?....."
This is America and you need to speak American.
Most food items.
Dont know but it makes farming loyce souls stupid hard
Is it really that hard to just have a piece of paper in your glovebox?
"Exporting terrorism is expensive, those mosque won't build themselves."
I WANT TO BELIEVE!
And now it definitely wont be coming
"Sure, rub your health care system in my face while you're at it why don't you."
Kek
Yep.
Harbaugh and Georgia Coach will come out of this best friends.
It's not like Florida has ever been significant in a Presidential election...
All these beautiful zones yet where are my abilities
I prefer TV :D
Obviously Devs are DC biased
no
r/me_irl
"You forgot about the 6.2% tax, and the increase for making 250k."
"All the big boys start with NOS, Meth injec., and a wicked loping cam."
DESIGNATED E S I G N A T E D
"What, you don't like playing with invoker every single game?"
"Well... People did check up schedule of Leafs private charter on the day Babcock went with them, so might be on to something here."
haha nope
The thing about that is that they don't seem to mind Aldrich's Deacons wandering all over Anor Londo.
"Yeah, its XB1, although after the servers were having issues the other day i haven't had many clean moments like this"
You forgot your
"I don't believe this has been posted anywhere but you're right, it would be a good feature!"
Yeah... This is like the most important game of the regular season for both of us.
Geese is actually smaller than gooses
Tempest Rush.
Your wife is as dumb as you are
It sounds like you are going places in life
You forgot the
"It's not love, it's a political statement."
I'm willing to bet that he's swapped out the first letter of Big E Langston on more than one occasion.
If giggles means putting her dumb post here then sure why not.
How would that help?
"Here, you dropped this:"
"Yeah, but can you put it in the sidebar?"
Gotta make sure Control Hnter doesnt become too op.
Tony D is what it be.
It's easy to disassociate yourself from the struggles of real people when you pretend they aren't people.
I downvote everyone with a higher total than me because they're obviously on gear
"I'm so glad Greg was able to find someone to show his ""wealth"" off to, then."
"Ah come on please , PLEASE , no one wanna see 2 dumb guys defending their consoles on this subreddit ."
"Neighborhood markets ftw, most I ever had in any aisle was 3 half pallets of pet food that I slowly did over 7 hours lol."
Trade up goddammit!
That fuckin STORKS movie looks right up our alley.
I didn't know my echo ears got cold....
Yeah that headset wouldn't be disgusting almost immediately at all!
"Sure, if you lack athletic privilege."
They're like midichlorians for how likely you are to become a felon
Let is all out buddy.
Does anyone know what camera this is?
Imagining someone smugly saying the word 'munks just made my whole week.
Yes because that makes it perfectly okay.
Queen sings that one right?
Rooney
You look like your chromosomes are more fucked up than your teeth.
Don't forget to donate to his patreon guys.
Ahah np bro just split 50/50 revenue for this 1
Godaddy?
I forgot the
Total MU 12. ;)
The beer is good though
Which one?
"We were all thinking it, but f you for actually acknowledging it."
"I have heard that they do give prizes, but may not be what you have ordered."
Because OP could be talking about Project M.
Yeah but was he really worth the 1st overall pick?
I've been playing Gwent for 8 hours lol
Hubby's got a good head on him
"ah, makes sense."
Well you're the return of Bettman soooooo... I wouldn't expect you to admit it
That guy is doing some serious stunting!
"personally, I find playing with friends and winning to be even more fun than one or the other, but maybe they disagree."
We need more laws like this on the books.
Vielleicht
"He's clearly a gator, not a dog."
A bit?
Woah I didn't know AlphaBay worked in google chrome.
Oh i forgot the obvious
Kunnen ze eindelijk weer gewoon in het Nederlands met ons communiceren.
"Noob obviously hasn't watched the tutorial yet, everyone knows you go Thornmail first item on marksmen"
Snow has blood on his hands because he turned the Capitol into another hunger games
Because I only believe in the observable oligarchy world view
About 130 years or so?
"Well, they are offering free ID protection for a year so it's all good."
"Fucking deport them, obviously."
Yeah because we all know squeamish the Russian military is about collateral damage.
Bold pick here
you must be rly bad then
"yes, because adding another colour automatically makes the commander itself strictly better"
Annnnd im switchting to bing
cant you do your quests in casual mode?
Gary!
"Ahh, so you're the bastard that keeps breaking beer bottles everywhere"
no shut up though im not 320 instantly.
I just wish Halo 5 had a midship remake
"The problem is it seems just as likely, if not more likely, that these teenage edgelords will have their opinions validated through upvotes and praise from other teenage edgelords and/or adult bigots and wind up ""cutting their teeth"" and growing from teenage edginess to legitimate stormfront racism."
"Nah, there's no way you could figure out which one was mine ^"
"And at last i see the light, and it's like the fog is lifted"
But .45 will drop an elephant so really could be fine with 1 bullet.
All cops are disgusting pigs sent by satan himself
"Too slow, too soft, overrated."
"Unfezant and Muk you fucktard, not Pidgeotto and Blastoise."
"The power level is insane, I wish there were more mana colors to make it better ."
Should put a noctua fan on there so you can overclock your hands
RIP
this is brilliant
Oh no.... the horror for his division rivals.
He was only about a foot taller than the hurdles.
Drunk me gets jack in the box and powerade for the next morning.
"Sit down, Jeremy!"
Actually you can go past three and break the space time continuum.
"Well hopefully it won't be until 2024, considering if either Bernie or Hillary gets in we'd want to see them get a full 8 years in."
"Its only meant for one of the twins, duhh"
Suburbs should be nuked from orbit.
if you like indies Cities skylines Undertale Binding of issac rebirth (with afterbirth dlc) Shovel Knight the triple As being Fallout 4 Skyrim GTA5 Civ5
Don't you fucking do it
They've started sliding down the table so Hank and Trent have picked up the Leicester flairs.
"Never even heard of them, where did you get the 90% from?"
I could take a dog.
literally unplayable
We call them ovaries.
Chirping lizurds too kek
Just be respectful and don't push it on her and you should be fine.
That's why I chose blastoise over Charmander.
Students have been brainwashed with social justice bullshit for years and you're complaining about Trump?
I am a British tank player AMA
The movement speed and one-shot-kill radius of rocket doesn't allow you to get out of the way unless the person firing it is going to miss anyway.
It's made from pork shoulder.
Too bad our game is further than 4 games into the season.
"Good job Trump, freeing us from the oppressive chains of political correctness!"
"No problem, just add a little piece of paper stating for use with 3 watts or lower."
Watch pics are the best.
"Yeah man, it's a beautiful place to live"
Treasure hunter
"Yeah, definitely won't be happening unless they would trade strome for a defenseman(can see faulk or hanifin since CAR needs 1C)"
Go charm your snake.
It doesn't
Meat-flavored balls would cut it.
R
Its okay guys humans cannot see beyond 30 drawdistance anyway
He controls time!
"Male: oh boy, sorry bout that"
lame
Don't act as if a little stim boost won't make things a little easier ;)
NSFW please?
Edit :
Okay.
Fuck Alan Pardew.
Team called Sainz in first due to tire issues
but i thought young people were a bunch of Bernie supporters who want free stuff?
Hog ads and then use loons and drags
"Weil er ""erwachsen"" ist und erwachsene Leute machen keine Witze und sind auch unfehlbar"
Because more oil=better lubrication duh
Around 2 hours
Canberra time works.
This is pointless
if(ThePlayerLeavesTheTemple){GoBackToTheTemple} woah thats some advanced knowledge you have there
I like how his first reaction is to film other people
K
"I like to have low FPS, it looks like I'm playing in slow motion"
"I just woke up from 6 hours of sleep and only one out of five devices had that notification for me, the rest were running."
"Sick double pole plants brah, lol"
Remind me in 2 hours
I love the end of the article ends on promoting marijuana usage
My replies to you arent showing up though
Abso-fucking-lutely.
The 301 AC market crash
Cao ni ma
"I'm going to say the combination of punkbuster and fairfight, it's so rare to see hackers because they're so effective."
"The easier something is, the more people will do it."
Illuminati right?
I thought he was being a bit tongue-in-cheek considering his flair
So how long till its released he was a Muslim?
"Hey, were you at that party where we organized 30 of us to falsely accuse anyone that criticized us of rape?"
Hopefully his fate is better than K. Mike's though
"That being said, handing people my customized S5 and seeing the look on there face as they try to understand anything is beautiful"
He doesn't have the service medal though
Triggered!
LOL
"Shane needed to diversify his bonds, nigga."
"Its actually E:\Steam\steamapps\common, I have 3 hard drives set up in raid 5 for data protection currently."
"Report, rule 3."
#cylonsdidnothingwrong
Can confirm: have dick.
Chill the heck out.
No opinion
"Heh, awesome!"
"Good point, go to cube smith"
More Katey Sagal covers of classic rock songs
"That's how I learned to play safe, this has since warped into KDA whoring on support"
but I dont really see how that qualifies as rape
Isn't that the opposite of what was said?
Looks like my successor might need to start developing an advocacy strategy to America
First thought for half of these was just ayy lmao
I'd certainly be filling my pants in her situation.
"Yeah, that's why they put the important games (like Det-TBL) first and play the games no one wants to see (STL-CHI) late at night."
Congratulations
Not with that kind of attitude they don't!
"Yeah, he's clearly not the candidate I thought he was, so much disappointment."
"By 'dark' we mean 'gritty', of course..."
But comparing it to seafood sold out of someone's trunk is a really acceptable comparison
"Man, what a fuck up that guy is."
Everyone knows the Leafs control the NHL and Shanny is still handing out suspensions.
Did you try clearing your storage cache?
"Yeah, never thought they would devoted an entire building to committing welfare fraud."
When a Flyers player is boarded its okay to look the other way
Probably a drywaller drew this because they're huge dicks
"It's obviously not used medicinally because it's a schedule I drug still, and those are drugs with no medicinal use."
"You are supposed to go through each players post history, rimbaldo,if you want to reply to them."
The red car probably continued along their merry way...
"Whaddaya mean, YOU PEOPLE?"
That emote totally doesn't fit her personality and the play of the game only focuses on the neck down.
"Lolll... this is my fantasy... I'm a masseuse and have given sexy massages to girls before, but I want to do it to someone I'm not already involved with... Too bad I'm in the bay area :/"
Perry was on the ice?
If you want high end tones just play guitar!
"I dunno, I hear that giving BJs for work sucks."
new big game hunter OP!
You learn how much you hate your life?
I don't want to though :(
"I always hear about white kids groping girls in the clubs I go to, can we ban all white kids pls?"
"I mean, it is a pretty fly title."
Because he treats girls nice but they only go for assholes.
Wow you sound like you really care about keeping yourself informed and forming thoughtful opinions
This is disgusting.
I was mainly referencing the video but yes you are right.
Ill just find a really big strong man and hide behind him
"Don't, the community was good without you reking everyone in melee"
you mean he is a pokemaster?
Ships falling one after another!
you forget this sir
That's the one!
"No, all Americans are fat."
YEAH BUT SUBBAN
When I spy on people I like to use the most suspicious and largest pieces of equipment to ensure they know I'm watching them.
Wow you have some fake converses at least she has genuine ones
Mordekaiser
"but I hate vegetarians more than I hate killing, so I have to make this into something to be angry about."
"Whatever, the real danger to the people is Uber."
"Wow i should upload a Video of me killing all the Mongolz, CyberZen, MVP Karnal and more teams in Pugs, and scrims, that will show everyone HOW GOOD I AM"
Production images are all we need duh
"Sure, Samsung never copied Apple and made billions of dollars though their own restless originality and innovation"
But they *never* should!
You were actually running imp parades all along
"that would be such a silly nerf, he already has health problems"
"It's okay, OP, mods will fix it!"
Benq xl2411(z)
What is a super bowl ?
"I believe you meant ""boiz"" those silly women"
"Don't worry r/nba, Kobe, LeBron, and KD are wrong, you guys are right."
'Tis a wonderful sound
"According to Snoop Dogs 'Doggystyle' album, it is in fact ""doggy doggy doggy dog""."
"So, the obvious next move for Saudi Arabia is to open up a second front in Syria."
You mean a leaderboard?
He caught her pooping in the shower
"His lights weren't flickering, his power was"
Oh they'll have their own... Just 3-6 months later.
Because its contrary
"Yeah but he didnt have to struggle at all, he got into Davidson because of his rich family."
Remember #blacklivesmatter are the *real* racists.
And I'm sure all 65 are politely discussing the merits and shortcomings of these criticisms
You must have shitty toilet paper ;)
"No, they are obviously poorly made pancakes, yet sell at a restaurant somehow"
It's not really like Sprint has much LTE to offer anyway...
"Good thing the soldier 725 yards away knew he was 100% factually a terrorist and not an innocent man, because only terrorists dig holes."
I think cloudflare are having issues because I just saw a cloudflare error on reddit.
"I'm not sure I agree but I'll give you an upvote for a damned decent argument (civilly made, that's a rarity on this site, hah) and actually having thought about the incident in question a bit before commenting."
Ya because that is exactly how economic mobility works!
And a noted anti-theist.
You shouldn't take acid and try to be president at the same time.
Quite an inspirational message: let's aspire to not have our faces disfigured from obesity.
"Well, we couldn't keep one character that was especially easy to win with..."
I think you forgot
He used to but I heard he was removed after the umpteenth time he tried raping someone.
Apology accepted.
yeah people are just fucking making up being raped left right and center
I'm really excited to see how many touchdowns he can get negated!
You forgot the
We need another stadium!
Undertaker nerf ruined my Hunter deck
If you think he did anything wrong then you are a racist!
Its just a cultural difference
Can't we just call them commies and be done with it?
"But it's got an x86 processor so it must be easy, it's just like a PC..."
But teh ad revenue!
Too easily exploitable...
Fucking amazing
Well now I know that the annoying vocal fry thing Lauren does is genetic.
how does one get into the career of being an engine block?
"SO would 90 or 120 fps just be absurdly silky smooth, or couldn't I tell at that point?"
Like a herd of sheep running away from a wolf with contrary opinions.
They did in 2014.
This franchise needs to distance itself from Jennifer Lawrence's Mystique.
"Wrong, the delegates he won are locked into voting for him."
Well it was fun for the 5 minutes I spent with him taking down the Deathclaw....
The same way we enforce sex divisions in bathrooms now.
"No, we'd still have to outlaw guns."
You da real mvp
When you plug your nose...
What's sqrr(-1)?
Anything for the cause.
Yes because spacies dominated Project M for years because of Reverse Aerial Rush
His knee pops twice.
"Yea until this thread I'd put maybe 2 hrs in, just to fucking spooky Now I'm at 6hrs still pretty fucking spooky"
And you can't?
Yea...but we got the gadget show instead
I wanted to say the same as well.
"Der Riese is German for ""The Giant"""
Tim Duncan's still kicking dude
Ayyyyyyy
STOP POSTING SEASON 6 SPOILERS ASSHOLE!
you forgot phonebank
That Christmas music playing in background is just icing on the cake.
The real question is why didn't you wash your hands in the kitchen where left all this food to spoil!
Can you give me a little help?
"I've heard that you can make a lot of money by running a high performance shop, selling parts off a car from one customer to another customer without either one knowing, taking years to do work and putting stock parts on when performance parts were paid for."
"Yore absolutely right, i misread."
But I won EVO like 50 times I swear.
"Don't worry, american media figures definitely don't have an irrational latent anti-Canada bias."
That's not real communism duh ask my professor
That's just as bad as war for profit.
These same ratfuckers upvote Hillary email articles from the blaze every other day too
"My parents are British, so I picked up a lot of my accent from them!"
"Come on, let's go have a nice steak dinner and talk it over, it's the only solution!"
Drop Kick
Goddammit UConn... :'(
Well I mean he does gain infinite knowledge from learning new things daily
"With that metaphor, planning for metastasized cancer is planning for death."
"Me and my friends prefer to stay away from Nvidia, thanks."
It might be because of his grip.
"Where I live GoT is on the free TV censored and uncensored, but I need to wait 1 year..."
Sounds like a Trailer Park Boys scam.
eve is kill^^boards
"Yeah, her video on RPDR being racist by using only two black queens as her examples and disregarding all other positively received black queens and saying that Ru is a white person doing blackface was totally fact-based"
Democrats in down-ticket races face the wrath of a Clinton White House if Sanders stumps for them now.
Napstablook should be Gaster instead.
I would vote for Trump if it helped me grab the rest of this set.
"If a 9 on converse then yes, an 8 would fit."
Come back when you microstamp that on all your bullets.
I hear its when all 4 elemental versions of Jackie Chan morph into one superior being.
You really are an amazing asshole.
"HEY AL EAST EXCLUDING BALTIMORE... WE ALL KINDA SUCK BUT NOT TOO BADLY, AM I RIGHT?"
So add in something that makes the game harder to run instead of fixing the game that's already hard for most people to run even on high end machines.
"And all Ukrainians are Nazis, amiright?"
So yes
Is this supposed to surprise us?
"Well, one of the reasom you do not pester people about having kids is thar you do not know if they had a miscarriage or have fertility issues and are hurting."
SHOW ME THE RECEIPT
So you mean to tell me it's vaporware?
"Well so long as they are mounted in the centre of the ship, or at least on a flat surface, they should be right"
AHahaha hilariously ridiculous!
You forgot the
Maybe she's the defector!
Your basic science is bodyshaming me!
"Well yeah but we don't know anything about you, about him, about what happened... We know nothing except your (brief, and puzzling) account."
"Holy crap, the blasters look so terrifying."
That's a very brave position to take on reddit.
I'm glad to see that the GOP is talking about the issues that really matter
He may be soulless but at least he's not tacky.
"They don't think it be how it is, but it do."
Do you live in a cartoon?
Yea... Because video games definitely fall in the same category as the other three
"china wouldn't know, they probably blocked twitter along with facebook and youtube anyways"
Ty it's not like everyone could see it when using daily keys
No....
That's what seems to happen and then they come to Reddit to complain about how they hate how conservative it is.
Because that goes against the bible
Didn't they show off Vagrant Story gear in the last live letter?
He played like 2 Kalista games in whole Summer.
"Yeah, he's one of the main elements."
Also I am become ____ Destroyer of world's Answer: Warmonger Gandhi
It currently has amd will continue to have more resolution than 1080p
"Teach me senpai, you're so wise and strong!"
God I love cats!
kill all white people
Gets me every time!
How could you ^^^Hin du this
We D2 now ... sorry that was bad
Nice
"Geesh, come on, have some sort of respect for the artist."
Jesus will take care of all your babies.
"The Police wouldn't dare lie, would they?"
"ewww, who picks cupid these days"
Who's on the lease?
"Barberio didn't get the memo, we're supposed to lose Barbs"
You forgot the
"If you're in a car downtown, you're a big part of the problem to begin with."
What another intelligent response from you...
Everything you just said is 100% right (especially the blue worm shits) but i know this probably wont be fixed because we're just cranky and Edmund can do no wrong
Nah runescape is dead
#notallwomen
"I'm a Moussa man myself, but I see where your coming from"
"Steamworks must be a terrible idea for boxed PC games, right?"
Yeah Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan were losers too
"Oh man, the homicide rate must be getting ridiculous with the number of guns being bought!"
and firing...
tell ^^me ^^^^more...
Just smoke into the other teams well and kill AW bro it's easy just learn to play.
Go write a blog.
it's not an auction if they're trading something everyone wants!
"Cmon bro, we were just doing our part to help conserve these beautiful animals."
My dick is so hard with nostalgia
[*butt*]
Well maybe if the Palestinian hadn't provoked him...
Clicked.
You would think a multi-million dollar company would have been upgraded by now.
"Hey als gemeente Winterswijk een test wil doen met het basisinkomen, moet het wel goed zijn!"
Time for him to retire
you forgot the
But they don't look as cool.
"Commissions and fees are good if an advisor pitches etfs, bad for anything else."
I would have...and not suspected a thing.
I bet you haven't done much with the lost
it must've been that adverse weather causing the accident.
You're offending me so much right now.
WHITE PEOPLE SUCK Is that better?
Just Cause 3 is probably the game I'm most excited for
I fucking love the weather in Waterloo.
"While were at it, lets scrap this whole 'GUI' mess all together and replace the browser with SSH and FTP sessions!"
Was that guy drinking bleach?
"Da, brusc ma simt foarte bolnava."
Are you saying I shouldn't be flouring my ribeyes before putting them on the grill?
almost as small as your dick
"I mean, he does look like a newb who's never lifted before, so he's probably fucking up the lifts left and right."
But this is Reddit and we need to show that we are smarter and superior than your average lurker!
I think you forgot the
"Because that was the message, duh."
"HAHAHA this is the best post this sub has ever had, you rancid swine OP, this is why you should be nice to us nice guys who just want to keep you're genes pure"
You forgot the
It's quite fitting that you got an achievement saying 'ouch'.
That's Lloyd Christmas
"In refugee camps in Jordan, Jordan never had any intention of keeping them."
"Reminds me of the time our DM crit failed multiple times in a row, resulting in our new Lawful Good Black Dragon buddy."
Source pls
Always like to be continuously affirmed in the idiocy of humanity :p
Pass.
Im master tier but always get bad teammates
"Awesome, glad to know it hasn't been stopped, will probably grab it soon if it's that easy, Outer Rim looks pretty fun, just hoping the PC community doesn't fall apart with future DLC."
YES
"if i told 50000 mosquitos to attack you, and they all did, they'd wreck your ass."
He got riggity riggity rekt son.
Chuck's ending
"Wait, who?"
"There's a pack of Kleenex on every table, what the hell do they think the students will start doing?"
"Looks good, I think the general consensus is not shitty, I can tell he put a lot of work into it, so I repesct him for it, so it's not shitty to me."
Use an upside-down M?
She looks like the girl from Disney's Hercules
...but...
We don't like to be challenged Woooooooooow
Dude just grab some popcorn and watch the flames bruh.
me irl
Do you still go there?
With cards
Fuzzhugger Doom Bloom RAT something by Death by Audio
i think you forgot the
"Traditionally, in real estate, the word has been a euphemism for gay."
I thought the title made it seem like people who hunt the state of Tennessee are banned
"Long ago, two races ruled over Earth: WAZOWSKIS AND DORAS"
"Hate to break it to you, but he already has, &amp; while you're posting comments about him on the internet he's chilling in a jacuzzi with a bad bitch &amp; a cigar, totally unaware of your existence."
Your face runs out of bandwidth as you approach your chin
Getter himself said it was Barely Alive
what else could be a major around that time?
It doesn't.
I think it will come down to Cruz vs Carson for the nomination.
Non procrastinators and redditors
Should have used the Crypt Keeper.
B-b-but this specific data set over a small specific and short time frame shows that global warming isn't happening.
And that multinationals name is...?
Looks like juve is missing pirlos free kick ability
I would think that either of your first two options would work; as well as laying out on toweling to absorb excess liquid.
Or skype registered that password with a different email
Except?
"They just removed his e, but I didn't knew alistar had a passive"
cops might rob him of his rights
THIS BETTER BE
More Hollywood whitewashing!
neogaf is the armpit of the armpit of the internet.
"A team member described it as ""how FTC bots are made"""
GG motherfuckers
He'd just feed him till he exploaded.
can't believe cookiezi got 11k pp in a year
Its the hormones in the carrots
A potential dane
Bitches don't know that I love this song.
"waves is so fucking good, I'm so glad chance challenged kanye on that because it turned out so well."
They speak silver
"Oh I'm so certain of that....who cares, I don't know why you're all so up in arms about it, if you think you're good, keep thinking that, it'll go far."
Then he could be both metaphorically and literally full of himself.
But then this would be in the wrong subreddit....
typical american
Whatever happened to that one Temple fan with powerful connections?
"Yeah, but you would have to be a $hill to believe such a simple explanation."
you forgot the
"I must be a psychopath, this made me laugh like a maniac."
"but it wouldnt ""grow the game"""
Nudes
Minnesota United has their first MLS signing!
"Ok, thanks for the response :)"
Stay sick my friend :)
"Pero Ninci fue a incitar odio, no entendes nada"
it's so good
"Yeah, that`s what they want you to think!"
His manager is the Rat in the Cage.
Shes my cream pie.
If people started saying that it would be great because it would highlight the insanity of this position.
"I'm just saddened a bit that in the supposed haven of skeptics, there are so many people giving opinions without bothering to check the source material."
This
How many times did he play that trist this season/post-season?
So if I had a few anecdotal cases where someone personally did some dodgy tax maneuver should I conclude that everyone should personally pay more taxes?
"If you push it hard enough, you may even become a Doctor like RiotLyte."
Oh wow Karma just dissed the fuck out of him
its not a crime until your 10th car
They only want what's best for those low information bastards too dumb to vote for Bernie.
This guy gets it.
so casters have more time for epic banter :P
My life in a nutshell
TYBG
Think about the weight saved by removing the sleeves
508 doesn't seem like very much for Corp taxes.
But having a family is so worth it!!
"Before we get too excited, just remember that the Magic are missing C.J watson."
But it could enhance their performance!
Nice
for 50 i can get ~8g
Gawd stop playing the victim
"Yes, the MRA is very racist when fighting for innocent black men who have been jailed."
Clearly photoshopped
Well...if u played badly enough you could blend in with everyone else...not sure about total invisibility tho
"Because the price is so low that compared to college, they're practically giving away all that valuable learning and experience!"
"How dare you, you misogynist anti-Semite"
"If you're a man, clearly."
Get out of here you weirdo!
Forever in our hearts and minds.
"There are no cheaters in CS, you are just playing against people who are better"
"Once removed from the box, the box and insert is completely destroyed and unusable and must be thrown away"
Drag queen are supposed to offensive!
Thank goodness someone in Vermont has sarcasm!
I demand a refund.
#prankz42k16
You go to work at 5:15?
Link is broken
Didn't someone do so bad that the org he represented tried to sue him
"I know it doesn't make sense but every time the chorus comes on I sing ""chicken pie with no regret"" instead of ""taking out an empty threat"" (or whatever the proper lyrics are)."
my comment is literally 3 weeks old wtf are you doing?
have you tried running a marathon everyday?
You're getting worked ya mark
"It has actually changed my life... Really weird to say, but i love that stuff, really helped me get through my last relapse with heroin."
"And its not just the threats, but the daily grind of you're a liar and you suck."
"But, but... they're clothed... *it can't be porn*!"
Think people are missing the
"Yeah, we're definitely going to trade him for Blake Griffin"
Man the highschool yearbook pictures I've been seeing lately with hilarious little gags are just classic.
Not even once.
"yes, 100% fact"
No one here wants to see those amazing knockers.
But will he lead us into the wars were already in as well?
a 4gb PC of course
Griffin Reinhart obviously
I bet those Japs are still worshiping that emperor in secret
WORST WORLD CHAMPION EVER AMIRITE!
"Shut up you lowly pleb, no one cares about you...."
It's actually .04%
"its gone from the website too, now"
Edgy.
Mine always seems to increase... I think I need to stop pooping in the fridge...
It works for Maajid Nawaz.
I mean... to be fair I don't know anyone who thinks Ovi is cute.
"not models, probably just animation morphs, with the second morph just having a bigger butt."
but we have those already
Really didnt see this one coming...
But it doesn't exist yet!
Now kith
It's pay back for 5k players smurfing and ruining his 1k games.
Does this eventually mean West Coast server?
It would probably go to TI6 prize pool.
I'm not worried about too hot I use an nvidia card
Why if there was a shooting surely the shooter should respect the rule of no backpacks
"Nice *try*, OP..."
"Actually I use a script to submit comments, and sometimes it submits before I'm done wi"
They gotta get the Asian guy calm down some more.
Then let's first try and bring in the political parties under RTI.
"uuuuuhm, only 25 :/ cmon guys, where is the rule of at least 400 kills in each SS?"
You don't have true liberty if it doesn't allow you to outlaw true liberty.
Don't you mean Skyrim 2
DeeJ: Advocater of SOPA/PIPA-style laws
Loda should have honestly just shot him right there on the spot.
What a racist post.
Lol faggot
This is gonna help unblacklist them for sure.
It's not sexist or racist if it's against those filthy white men subhumans.
Well that's not better than the GR at all
"FJ, Fake Jeep?"
The color teal
"True, however, the example I gave is when the person refers to themselves first, which is never correct."
Is that why his face is melted?
U wot m9
"Unused live-action shots are *very* cheap when you compare them to unused, fully polished CGI shots."
is Marseille the Arsenal of Ligue 1?
I wonder if she will regret those piercings when she's older and has lost those 8 teeth
*Forget and Forgive*
Cuz the oppressive gov't man.
IIRC churches don't have to show their books.
It may take a while but it is worth it if you want to sit.
"Exactly, haha."
"then we get a sweep, christ its like TI4 all over again"
"Looks more like James Woods, to be honest, or a combination of both."
Braum?
that takes me back..
To be fair everyone is beating Charlton :P
"No Corsair RAM, OCD kicks in"
Point your foot downwards
Haven't got there yet... Like in 2 weeks or more I'll answer ya!
I kinda miss the Megan Fox of the '00s...
I'm just going to be patient and know it'll be worth the wait!
Putting this in the next video game I make
:(
"I doubt they felt ""comfortable"" taking that shot, it was just worth the risk."
That's what I'm talking about!
"oh, Liza"
That does not translate into text well.
Bad word choice.
Maybe doing both for 25-33%?
u on mobile?
why they're losing
Clearly marketed towards the opressing cis white patriarchal male population...
"But clearly that won't work, because losing weight is impossible."
Harry Caray here!
"On occasion they'd do a late showing for all theatre members, I think the only one they offered during my span was the golden compass, I decided not to attend lol."
"If you use the Pushbullet app on any platform, you can follow the ""EA's On The House"" channel to get notifications for it."
There are mmo on console?
Something something every fucking thread
How many have been gunned down in Mizzou?
celiacs
These two dolts are just too adorable!
"It is, it's a nice idealistic idea, that doesn't remotely address the question I asked: Was it even possible for him to say he didn't like the choice?"
"Nah, this looks actually tasty!"
I know I hold unpopular opinion in this matter.
But he'll still get the delegates right?
"No, it's all about the rapping and the urban ghetto culture invading our lily white world."
shh be quiet or they'll notice the depots updates from few days ago
You could just pack civilian clothing with you and change before you leave the office for the day.
Hondo confirmed for next hero!
"He's trolling for Bernie, dude."
this is just fucking disgusting dude
I'm looking into how much it would cost since it would definitely be a worthwhile trade.
"He's just a fan of the Egyptian goddess of health, marriage and wisdom"
"Note that I said ""while at work""."
This whole trickle down system is working great.
"In my experience the people who make those ""ITT"" comments are usually the only ones saying it"
Wasn't he suspended for the deflated balls?
What are the specs on your PC?
i bet it doesn't
"Thanks, I was having trouble with that part."
Socialism is evil!
"At the present time, there is no known root for that phone."
That's an amazing mental image.
I need to find more youtubers that do Russian impressions
"Sooo, just fire everybody from literally every other team and replace them with people for the SoloQ team."
I haven't heard of it.
When the goldfish community gets access to the internet though...
This kills the OP.
Don't let him push you around!
This escalated quickly.
Warner Brothers is making Ubisoft look downright saintly right now.
So glad they got the eyes right.
Just super score it
Then why are we still playing Runescape?
Upvote for Little Britain one of my favourites.
"Please, don't just send a youtube link instead."
In the cooler
"Tumblr, even though it's literally the same kinds of people."
So easy to confuse Madagascar for Sri Lanka :(
Probably why those Stacy sluts won't sleep with me!
well that sounds like fun !
That sounds like a fantastic book for children.
"Dont forget the ""sexy"" Twi'lek in the reworked version of jabbas palace."
"I don't think dogs have muscles there capable of moving their ears like that, if they could they'd all be flying instead of walking."
HE PROMISED HE WOULDN'T DO THAT!
But why would he dole out an unfinished person to the people who payed for it on his website?
"Happened at DreamHack London last September, Saturdays final match started at like 11:50 and at midnight they had to ask all the spectators to leave as the arena was shutting for the night to clean and what not."
How is this creepy.. this sub is run by a bunch of pansies if this is considered creepy.
Yeah but we should all be traipsing off down to subway every lunch time!
"Hey man its not a big deal, its not like people could die from these mixups"
Then you shouldn't have been born poor then!
Vapor lock
"I want to put Janet Yellen on the 20$, I want to see her announce that with a straight face."
But nobody should need more than 64kb of ram!
You're right the dude begging on the corner prob has a way nicer life than you..... I mean nobody would ever donate food or clothes to these people right?
"Awww poor Americans, I feel so bad for you."
It means it has a higher pixel ratio to screen count
Yeah right...
"His voice got loud, what a jerk"
"Maybe we should discontinue this #RefuBee program, look what it gets us."
"Yes, same way that skyrim is a terrible game with no depth"
change... where have I heard that before?
Millions more people like her over the opponent?
There's that damn male privilege again!
How'd they all line up in the hallway like that without being made aware of one another?
wow not even lv 7 explorer nub af
"Rob looks like a party version of Rex, he's prob got a joint stashed in the car, and his favorite word is dude."
"Currently, yes."
*Tennessee vs Northwestern - Outback Bowl* Rank: 37/40 When will Tennessee get the respect we deserve!
Is it ever?
"But we need a,b and c to win"
Yeah it's definitely a gamble but there really isn't any cheaper elite players you could use so for those that like to do them its a good deal!
*GASP* You didn't mention how the refs literally killed our family and burned our house down.
inb4?
This actually explains a lot
"True, he said on stream that he doesnt have it on but liquidpedia says 3/1.05 so i think he changes it alot."
"Too bad they usually tack it on at the end, so I get to enjoy it while I'm sleeping, :D"
"Only brown rapists though, white rapists are all falsely accused."
hey calm down he is global elite his flair says so
How can I make my bloody nose in the car without tissues into a badass story that will get me hella pussy
Sums up all of reddit right there ladies and gentlemen.
Voice comm issues have nothing to do with NA's problems.
"Cmon, I mean I see them jump the tracks into the traffic lanes all the time"
"I should be global, shit tier teammates keeping me down!"
You must be a really good friend to have.
"If you're moving during click, it takes it as drag... So either drag as another comment suggested, or ease up on the coffee... There's no setting I know of to change this behavior."
"Better yet, don't play"
"Well, considering they made the mode ""free"", I guess it's intentional, I hope not though."
Jesus Christ why were you watching bestiality as a child?
North Korea
pleb can't even keep a constant 30fps
The human eye can only see 30fps so of course light travels slow by logic duh
My flair is offended.
"I actually prefer ""Hildebeast""."
"See, Brady is too cocky and arrogant"
Irregardless
Sexist remarks will not be tolerated.
it also gives you 1 second of cc immunity with the stun so he would waste ult
Not enough scoring... A 21-14 football game is such higher scoring and will be more exciting
"Nice sentiment, but what if people are going to downvote my critism because they think I also downvoted?"
For a cinematic experience.
"Oh joy, they let your racist ass back out of the mental institution."
but have u peeped my soundcloud
Maybe the entire ice surface and arena seats except for Z shifted down about a foot.
Don't you love driving in the fog?
"That the National Media does not have any topic to talk about us with now that Matt ""Uber Driver"" Stainbrook has graduated."
he also spent first round picks on Knowshow Moreno &amp; Robert Ayers.
Edgy
Obviously using the multishines to reset the staleness on the blaster
"Checking in, this happened to me exactly back at release as well, wanting to move the Wolves to LV."
I knew that I could find all the right answers in 'The Anti-Empire Report'
Or DIY pharmacies
"LPT: Got OCD, shoot yourself to fix it."
"Create a registry, maybe give them all tattoos so we know who they are and for our safety."
omg I tested positive ;-(
More like clg is the red-headed distant cousin...
So shulk is a female and from a 1st party nintendo game now?
Not firing a coach who doesn't have a single play in his book and is running Kelly Bass and Nance Bass back courts in close games is definitely trying to win now
This is better though because it's not Islamic.
"wow, such disrespect for Chef Voyardee!"
"I get what your saying, but I think it'd be pretty inefficient to use cargo planes to give them the missiles, they're pretty big, and that would cost a lot of jet fuel."
seems a lot went with the low int build
haha glhf :)
"Oklahoma City was an anti-government white guy, numb nuts."
Is there any chance that more people will be invited to the PTU before it gets pushed to live?
Being in the majority doesn't give license to talk about others that way.
Time for Patterson to step up!
Good for more than doing better than the Muslims who so miserly donated to little
"If you're looking for the serious, supervillain Lex, it was disappointing, but if you look at him like the mad scientist he is, it's pretty great."
Tree taming
"Ok, I understand that part, but I would try to get it working without the *switcher* as that could be where the problems are and not the sdk itself.."
Dont you have better things to do with your life?
"Not to mention the CBR125 isn't winning any speed awards, so why is he watching a top speed video haha"
He looks like a very young Val Kilmer.
Impressively brutal.
And they say chivalry is dead :^)
"Whatever his faults are, I definitely agree that Kimi Raikkonen's been a really really unlucky driver in his F1 career."
Yep that's it.
What if you find a cheaper similar product made elsewhere?
I'm answering your question and I'm a man...
"Talk about ""gallows humor""."
misery loves company
"ZENZI IS LOVE, ZENZI IS LIFE ZENZI IS LOVE, ZENZI IS LIFE ZENZI IS LOVE, ZENZI IS LIFE ayy lmao"
I figured it was the wrong kind of killing
thanks i need to find the issue so i am not on the news as Houston make blows up his neighborhood with e cig lol
Path of Radiance is easier
"You know, cause criminals might come by."
You're just mad because we are a REAL organization that is ran PROPERLY
No unique passives/items = 6 death bringer/3 titans banes ect :3
All Christians need to say they don't agree with this man!
"That's reality television though, I'm mainly talking about real life where crappy auditions are considered a waste of time, not good television"
This is worth....ONE QUARTER PANTS!
Texas City **is** a chemical leak.
Mr Garrison fucked Trump to death.
2 rules Never feed it after midnight Never allow it to get wet.
Yes AFAIK every USL league match can be seen on YouTube.
Because it is now released as a Backward Compatible game and it was free with GwG quite some time ago.
"That fucking screenshake, holy shit."
"i'm talking about the future ones as well, because i don't want to open my level 60 one right now, I want to know what comes after"
"Should have just self-diagnosed in the cradle, then I would have been a True Autist^TM."
Hush
Step 1: cut a hole in your gold record.
"Wouldn't make my life SO MUCH BETTER, but it would make my life a little easier."
Unseen force
"Technically they do, but you can *really* notice it when tripping on psilocybin mushrooms :)"
Or giving season ticket holders train tickets.
Or that people don't really have a reason to say anything but nice things to someone who suffered such a tragic story.
"Figured, but Portage Place isn't much of a mall....."
[Arc Greater Twin Cities](http://www.arcsvaluevillage.org) is a pretty good charity and they have some thrift stores scattered throughout the metro area.
Now I'm curious how high the stack of bread that's been through my toaster is...
He slid deep into her ~~flamingos~~ flamoes.
Delhi girls are still at large
I guess when Kasick decides to attack.
Decimation continues
God bless our democracy
Obviously he's very self-conscious and saw what we were saying about him here.
And now we don't have George to fix the movies after!
a gel that provides nutrients.
"I've tried four different models from three different companies, every single time the second one would start letting off a sound like grinding metal and shrieking emus, emit a shower of sparks, and die."
I don't like it...personally...
This subreddit has fucked up my browser history real good.
"well, their website shows a Surface Book prominently displayed, so maybe go with that."
::Hugs Tight:: Hang in there Sill.
get downvoted for making a joke pleb.
"Yeah you're so cool now that you bought a video game, brah."
"Welcome back, everyone, for tonight's edition of *Are you a sociopath*?"
TURBOSWEAT TIME
"Actually, majority of patches and content we've gotten is slightly leaning in Arena's favor."
Surely the solution is to let more of them in!
Thanks bot :)
Link pls
So 46.6% of users are liars?
"Shut it down, the internet is over guys."
You dropped this
You know.... Witch Time.
"If you see them around town, give the kid a bunch of sugar."
"WELL, MAYVE YOUR SHOULD HAVE NOT VOTED OBAMA!"
I found that Shake Shack was an expensive In-n-Out burger
"Well if they vote against Trump, that clearly means they're more educated."
Get your condescending ass outta here
"To be honest, and this might sound selfish but I'd rather that he stopped producing than went mainstream."
"Jesus, look at all that energy!"
"Some restaurants who don't recycle oil, have a separate septic system for the kitchens so the oil doesn't go into the mainlines it just goes into a giant vat in the ground."
PARDINUR *skritch*
Easily by the end of 2015 now.
Wow RIP
"I've never rushed a temple before, IIRC my best was level 5 mountain temple."
He was just trying to cut down on his word count by not attempting to describe some things.
This is why Tayyip wants three kids.
Agree 100% As a Canadian I prefer to be fucked politely.
Gosh darn political extremists
We are the richest people on the planet for absolutely no good reason at all!
Random basketball player shooting a 3 pointer is much more impressive.
We intentionally bury ours and people still turn up at the front door.
"Nah bro, it's called akimbo."
Too bad the man didn't live long enough to see Apple start turning a profit.
"Can do, any other subjects you want?"
"It's Tofu, from Resident Evil 2!"
Looks like it :)
ha ha soo funny
"Use it man, it won't be anything stellar but if you're making a bunch of frothy milk drinks it'll be fine"
hirez is literally trying to remove guardians slowly starting with this event
There are more white people and less of everyone else in movies and tv than in real life
Clearly shows that the vast majority did noting but take cover once the shooting started.
Do you have the source?
Hehe..
Yes
LF4M
they are in high demand for receptionist jobs
"Your liver is a Jets fan, it must be punished."
Well maybe if the people that know the answer actually answer the question instead of taking the time to say how annoying it is people wouldn't need to keep asking.
The Irish were up pretty high on that list for a fair while to be fair
I like you.
ITT: Jelousy
That's what Pistol Pete did.....
But it's European so fuck trying it in America.
you forgot the
It's because he's such a nice guy and girls just don't like nice guys like him
"I just need to have a lot of rough sex before hand, got it, haha Thing is, I'm very sensitive about that kind of stuff, so I just know it will be awful :("
"China people should be immune to toxic waste by now, after years of pollution."
Well... of coarse it is.
I guess at this point I should just leave an
"I really love the part where Brian is standing behind him flipping off the camera making it look like the silhouette of one person, and then they move apart."
They'll likely prioritize Halo 5 and maybe check on MCC every now and then.
He already has OP's IP traced and is sending his Marine Sniper friends over as we speak!
Yeah because you've experienced it so you know
You dropped this
Cat.
But the Coloradoans for Responsible Energy Development had a biologist tell me that fracking is good on the commercial!
The grammar in this meme hurt my head.
F
Kawhi is the only guy with a title...
As long as I don't have to listen to him.
Not sure if you are describing the BLM movement or the other BLM movement.
If this is true I will suck my own cock.Tag me.
That's a wierd looking pistol.
"As long as there is no Animal Resource department, I think it's immoral and quite frankly plain wrong."
Reddit.
And it costs way too much.
"Look at this dude, living in the past."
"Yeah, because paying people to injure people equates to allegedly deflating balls."
"I think that's same as coring a 1/1/1 province without admin eff, right?"
Next you'll be telling me that gluten isn't poison.
"Well, with that rock solid argumentation i know i'm convinced"
Dude that's clearly Jon Anik can't you tell.
"According to GameInformer, it's February (no day listed yet)."
But you would devalue your achievments
Couldn't they just mute the music via menu before matches started?
But it's so cool because it sells the surfer lifestyle and our product!
"Impossible, what about all the lazy benefits moochers, there are millions of them!"
The gun is a fake because it's a CV you fool!
LB/L1
Why would we do that when we can just sign defensive players?
"Nagrand was in BC, not classic"
"But it has Push-to-Mute, amazing isn't it?"
Life is so bad cheeses everygame
I hope Obama realises what he's done to the world wide saffron trade and the lives it's drop in price will ruin!
"He's hurting feelings left and right, the man is a menace!"
FINALLY
"WOW, a cock &amp; fure missile laluncher."
*booty planet
but then you can't selfie next to Mona Lisa
"I know most people think he has a calm demeanor and doesn't let his emotions get the best of him, but once in a blue moon it comes out."
A really sensitive accelerometer?
His rifle better be in there with him
*her share of the paper*
it's summon ;)
Kraken Zombie confirmed
You mean tweet.
Alright thanks for the info!
It's for the free stuff right?
"Gotta prevent all that terrorism, tight?"
Apparently you've never heard of the trickle down system.
Worked with kassian and semin!
Only if you're part of the unenlightened herd
"black panthers are terrorists, BLM is KKK basically, the south will rise again."
I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT!
HE SAID DRAKE IS TRYING WAY TOO HARD TO STAY RELEVANT.
Yes because the only times you should taunt are intractable taunts or gloating like a dick.
This is flawless logic and you should not consider the implications of what you just said.
"Same, I was almost disappointed."
You dropped the
"Bruh, I go to church on Sundays, that means I can text and drive."
Those bots didn't stand a chance!
You know its real if the Nintendo's version is the only edition to NOT have online play.
Obviously a totally necessary project for a city with **massive** debt.
"Oh, well, it's fine then."
"Scott changed, didn't you read the comment?"
"Maybe you can write a big big ""Please show yourself out"" on a picture of a bleeding heart That will work when dealing with people that respect PC"
He must not be an atheist.
I think someone missed the
Uh no you idiots they are speaking dog...
Oh none of that matters... BOMB THOSE COUNTRIES OVER THERE SOMEWHERE!
So glad I don't have to add ghetto tape to my iPhone to make it feel not cheap.
"how else are they supposed to get to where they want to go, though?"
But those are real art!
It's ok because they're smart.
No'one's*
"No, if you get it wrong you must be punished."
"Because you're not in debt once you pay it off, duh."
"It's called ""pulling a Beethoven"" and you can find it in most anything by Beethoven."
"Well, he is already in a different country so I don't think that would work"
You would have to trust that government creates regulations that actually solve a problem and not just redistribute money to their donors.
"ONce advertiser realized everyone misses the point, the just used whatever sounds good."
Only Democrats would vote.
They still remain more aesthetic than functional *grumble grumble grumble*
Never underestimate the power of boobaliciousness.
Yea hahah my bad
You think it's easy to earn Russian respect for the gays?
it was rhetorical question since i experienced this shit during HA flight
"He is, but we lost all morale watching him drop 30+ on a nightly basis and still lose because our defense is atrocious."
"Lost me at: ""... a minority group of people who do not pay licence fees, registration fees or insurance fees."""
Who the fuck is Michael?
"Homage Baked Beans: The H is Silent, and So Are Your Post-Bean-Consumption Farts"
"Hey now, what if I am exactly the same as you!"
"I'm yet to see any proposals from the leave campaign on the ring-fencing of the money we currently contribute, so I think you're probably correct."
Judging by his user name and post history he's just some private citizen that's really good at video editing and loves cleverloop.
"It ain't a nl dungeon til he's making passive aggressive comments towards the team, the enemies, the rng, his cats..."
"Yeah, too bad we didn't just massacre them in the first place."
"Yeah, I'm totally triggered"
"Within the last 6 months turnstile, 69, for today, and gideon have all been here and a ton of other metal bands i dont care about."
"I didn't DV you, btw."
I dream of a world where a chicken can cross the road without having its motives questioned.
I am communicating with my local government to support moving money from military budgets to humanitarian causes.
"Friendly reminder for the new people that biometrics are usernames, not passwords."
Sounds like something I'd say
There is a concern about cancer cells moving through the lymphatic fluid and spreading the cancer.
He destroyed Rubio... He threw a grenade with hiring penalty on Donald and he casually threw it back to Rubio and it blew up in Rubio's face...
The cult of free shit?
"Disable the light sensor on the laptop or cover it with black tape, might be that."
You're gay
"Yes, and everyone who could emigrated to Russia, leaving only hillbillies behind."
Welcome to every askreddit thread about being somehow different.
okay cool but when are skill move and weak foot upgrades coming out because I want to know who to invest in
"as I said before, I realize that now, and I was making generalizations."
just have some damn almond milk
"Actually, it appears he's laid off on the zingers recently, if I'm not mistaken."
Scary
"Can confirm, the shits make me want to play with traffic."
Still pink gotta cook it longer
This.
This sounds the most likely.
Honest question- would any young Sanders supporters actually be happy working in manufacturing?
A microcenter.
I guess you could say that it's... Doomed.
Are words too hard for you?
You could at least call me once in a while.
"Nade OP, pls nerf."
Shuu Best girl Am I missing something here?
"No you don't understand, companies aren't allowed to shift focus if it means it's more profitable."
Someone fails to detect sarcasm.
"It's not like they're democratically elected, right?"
I'm pretty sure I have seen this reposted about 100 times now
The biggest problem is it is arguing over the the figure a few places right of the decimal point with regards the problems wildlife faces.
"Bench the lawyer, cut the gym, etc etc"
Well Ukraine and the rest of Europe is kind of getting screwed on that deal.
Exactly.
As a UKIP'er I'm happy for the bants ... but hope he doesn't deny climate change again.
Sunflowers prefer to be sown directly into the garden.
"see, this is exactly why businesses need more h1bs."
Forgot the
LAN/LAS/OCE are huge dude we need to wait even more
The Rams got diddled
By that logic Visualization is terrible and no one should use it for anything since a physical unit is better...
More like HMRB
around 200
You dun f***ed up
So you're saying there's a chance?
Clearly this article from CNN is the right wing's attempt to smear the Clintons!
And I love you like kanye loves kanye
Polls put Trump / Hillary in the lead in NC.
Just 100+ cb right now
This has copypasta written all over it lmao
They literally aren't acting surprised even a little bit.
"A bit of both, I believe."
And we all know that only America has bad teachers.
"If it's not on the job application, then it's not required"
But Christianity isn't a religion!
Binary or go home pleb
"Aliens used to be in contact with us 3000 years ago, but they left due to budget cuts back on their home planet."
When do we start the private-sector rollout?
This will end well.
The only thing I will do is asking for a free game copy
Nice
WELL THEY GET NOTHING BECAUSE COMMUNISTS DESERVE NOTHING!
Or now they finally have different talents and the ability to tune more abilities differently between pve and pvp.
Why aren't they using the lighthouse tracking?
Obviously the assassins believe in state's rights
"No, we won a Super Bowl with him this year."
Does that mean Pakistan is number 10?
And the story... eww....
She's too good at play playing victim with attacks; he has to stick to facts
Well yeah because no popular wrestlers got cancer this year.
I needed another good written description for a personal art project - fucking awesome!
Only if they reduce the fare price
"Yeah, that first line was northern Kentucky all the way."
My 2 friends and I always do this.
"if im not mistaken, cant you rip off the laminate on real RI's?"
Cascade He Bo
"I mean it was clean leading up to the drop, not being a sarcastic ass XD"
His stats are that of a T5 but in breeding it's treated like a T3 horse.
"With that logic, it would also be nice if Marilyn Manson was charged for Columbine."
Director has made clear today that this would not be the case.
"IF YOU LIKE TRUMP, THEN MAKE SURE TO DONATE AND PHONEBANK!"
Did you let him touch your hair?
Why would the police lie?
*you're
You will never be rich or famous She's right
"Black and gray, very original"
"Nah, if it gets grumpy he'll throw it a rabbit or whatever and put it away."
Only urban elites read books.
Why of course!
Wish granted
What a shitty name
"I'm sure the product is called ""The Ambilight RGB Gaming Monitor!"""
Whew!
"I can't tell where this argument is going, are you arguing against term limits now?"
We all know how good VAC is at catching cheaters
"Nope, you're the only one in the world"
...or a cock.
"Support might not pay that much, but it's a stepping stone to becoming a sys admin or ops engineer, which can pay very well."
Boom bought it I'm now the owner of 1tb(8gb) thing that will corrupt everything
Now you know making jokes isn't such a cakewalk.
"Yes, the i5-6600k xD"
Order loathing
His first touch is shit though
Oh shit ur fucked
"Yeah, it's not like the coping would have been covered in ice and slick as shit too."
"He throws it too hard, give him minimum!"
i miss yu a lot
At least froggen's team isnt full of deadweights just mediocre players and they are 3-1 with main squad
"Anytime, but if you can't take advice you disagree with without getting angry, maybe you shouldn't lie to yourself about how you've got so much of that common sense."
Okay thanks a lot for the clarification!
I wonder if they will have time to delve into Deflategate?
You sound like a homophobe.
.
"I'm not so sure about that; ""Damages"" tells me that they just know how not to get caught."
"Goddamnit MB fucked up, trade him back for Scrivens, Im sure it'll work"
Kerbal Space Program.
Why pay QA when your customers will find product flaws for free?
You monster!
"And unsurprisingly, most of those books have a foreword by Neil Gaiman."
So ISIS is going back to france?
Is this gluten free?
I guess he's just an average box player right?
You dropped this.
You can never be too careful.
You mean Los Angeles?
Saved By The Bell - Zack Morris is the one doing a monolouge
"Come on guys, no votes for Pink Cellphone?"
"Clearly, he must have been wearing something provocative."
"It's good they found the *real* criminals, good job French!"
This comment is so necessary.
You dropped this
Well aren't you a badass.
"The bug has been around for a while it is something about true damage or some shit, hopefully they fix it."
A match against Chain Burn.
I say we make a bid after this is all done and dusted
"Same thing is happening to me, I would love to find a fix if anyone can help."
Justin Williams to the Kings for a top prospect and a 1st
But my second amendment.
Typical self-loathing nigger-loving beta white knight cuck mangina.
I think OP wants him to have guns instead of the regular weapon as well as NV goggles just like in splinter cell oh and maybe his charriot should be a chopper or something
Keith having a dry mouth and running out of saliva and spits.
"Hey, maybe he lives in an open carry state!"
"Honestly, with how Blaine Gabbert played for the Jags, I'm not convinced Blaine Gabbert wants to drive out to Santa Clara to watch Blaine Gabbert QB their team."
it's stinky and gross and i am way too important to smell stinky stuff or touch gross stuff and anyone who does must be some kind of trogdolyte
And it will be just as solidly written as Supergirl's pilot...
"Teen suicide rate is over 50% on some Native American reservations, but stopping these costumes will help."
"Yes, it is by law that people driving less than 10 over the speed limit in the left lane can get a ticket for driving too slow"
Braun Strowman was a rose bud...
but it boosts your immune system!
Inb4 gameworks
NO.
Screw that I just go in my man cave and blow sick ass clouds until she bitches about them.
This is the first I've heard of Uber support being unhelpful.
Maybe he will be kind enough to give me 1% equity after signing an nda to protect his idea
B-b-but socialism=communism!
Nobody would ever do this for me :( Stupid black alloy wheels.
Thats for dealing with my lack of sleep.... hopefully will watch you sometime later...
You forgot the
That poor half horse :(
Nah he's gay
Government takes your money ...
"excellent points, it's not like swat at all!"
Now she will get a pay raise
You're being pretty elitist man... It's not like hard mode is just normal mode with one additional task.
There can't be men only spaces anymore but women still get theirs.
"'Cause if you don't talk about cheats, clearly they don't exist."
It was a joke :p
"Runeforged is the thing that used to give power from defenses, and got removed in S3, right?"
Aye.
Didn't Renegade also used to be on before it sometimes?
wealth isn't a pie
"Because if you get sacks instead of coins, pick up the sacks, and they turn into more items, then you get more items to reroll"
Wellington Mk X
It is not listed in the restricted skins.
Hm.. I should report this post under spam for a taco!
buying a hat is a lot cheaper...
But he's saying WHY did he buy T90 boots over the drygores in the first place lol.
Just give them a Zpack and they will be fine.
They started because of shit FDR tried to pull.
Literally everyone here disagrees with you.
"There are differing opinions to Muslims if dogs can be taken as a pet or not, but most don't hate dogs lol"
"Wow, this thread sure is xenophobic."
I'm already plotting an assassination to alleviate the boredom.
"Yeah, Jeb has a lot of money and is in it for the long-run...Cruz is going to burn out after Iowa, N.H is proof of that."
This really reminds me of the S7's new notification shade.
Don't let your memes be dreams.
most of the people on this sub arent a fan tho lol im an odd one thats for sure
She forgot the one where you squeeze your dick to death to make it look bigger.
guys it's me
Too bad irreversible harm has already been done.
He learned so well.
Do believe that only extends to attempting to pass it off as a larger denomination bill than it actually is... If I'm not mistaken...
"Google didn't have anything, maybe she's blocking google too"
That's how I would warm up my sandwich at the track.
And the Tec-9 shoots the same bullets as the glock CSGO logic
lol'd irl
CONGRATS!
Microsoft's just being a bro here and letting people know how insecure Internet Explorer is...
At least Kerrisdale residents don't have to worry about forgotten beasts attacking.
Does she even have kidneys?
I think Doug and Howie took him out for pizza and ice cream.
...Goo...
"That's why I witness to friends, not strangers."
What is your opinion on Huckleberries?
"Me and Jesus are good, because gods recognize other gods ... did Conor really say that or is this pastor confusing it with a Kanye quote or something?"
"OP please, whatever you do, dont get an alienware."
In some places yeah but they ussualy enforce this only when said drunk causes a scene
But it's the garden of England
That's one Pipeline Mtl won't say no to
I mean I just assumed that it was an aborted serious punch
baby shoes for sale never worn.
"My point was that I was running like God and clearly getting more lucky than I should over a small sample, a sample this small says nothing about my long term ROI, I know, but I was happy so I thought I'd share."
I forgot Eleague doesn't start until may :/
follow your dreams :)
"I'm willing to help explain the ones I know, fire away."
Glad hillary Clinton speaks for us all
Might need some context here ;)
proof that match was fixed by Star Sports to make their tagline true
It's me?
Or ... a box?
And what kind of person wears a d-band?
I'm sure this has nothing to do with Islam
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"The tour guide made hit seem like a ""here's a secret the other guys don't want you to know"" thing, but who knows."
I think you forgot this -
"NAFTA, TPP, yeah Clinton is pro-worker, just not pro-American worker"
I wouldn't expect you to get it.
Nate has been so accurate this year
Faze down ass up
Unexpected pregnancy?
no
"Nah he just shut his game down, Schaub style."
"One of these post almost daily these days... We don't, we get mad when dogma leads people to do terrible things."
*Benedict Cumberbatch
You just have to believe...
I'm not a kid :) but nice try
Similar video
Who can forget what masterpieces Gods and Kings and Noah were
More a Buddhist thing I know
"no clue, just seen it passed around"
He was just seasick
All that lovely green space underneath though
no karma for u
"Yeah that always frustrates me too, it's just a copout to avoid the uncomfortable discussion of whether or not Aches' best days are behind him."
"Ah.. The ole' ""fuck the teams not in the north because they have smaller fan bases"" can't get enough of the close minded thoughts, really."
Calm down buddy
"I thought Kevin Rudd was at the UN, not running a hotel...."
"And to that latter group, I say, ""You will eat the cat poop!'"
I hear Hillary is deep in the pockets of *Big Math*
thumbs
Did he accidentally the whole thing?
Wrong manufacturer
"Not from the Cup race, but Bubba's radio when he got run over on pit road was extremely wild"
#UNPOPULAR OPINION DETECTED BAN HAMMER IMMINENT!
When I first asked the store was empty and the vive was sitting on the desk...sounds like they have a fantastic system there...
Only mass executions will save the world!
"The last sentence doesn't really make sense at all, you can't get wrecked against a plat main jungle because you don't even choose jungle as a position."
but do you have a ranked anime opening
"Yeah, stay alone forever!"
HAHAHAHAHA
Hey some people like having dicks waved in their faces.
"but remember, its the Bernie supporters that are the problem!"
"That's not how you spell ""Sebastian."""
Yes because you cant play a game and constantly complain about said game.
Wow I think that is the first citrus flavored IPA I've ever seen
"Come on, she only repeated her mistakes a few times, right?"
ya got me
"Well he is importing his buckets from America, for some reason, so those costs up add"
\* can also be used to make maple syrup from a diabetic person's blood
because youre not allowed to dislike ww2 at this sub
"The funniest part was when he had to go on air a while later to apologise, he made the exact same mistake."
Yea but they lost that one time so FIRE CAPPY
I know where I'm going next year
In 56 different languages too
"Don't you know, once the word ""boondoggle"" is in someone's normal vocabulary, it's very hard to get rid of it?"
mom's spaghetti
The amount of times ive seen the similarities is mind blowing.
HAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHA
"I'd try reinstalling it, did you install anything new around the time it stopped working?"
I'm pretty sure every photo of kids their age turns out similar...
How is Stuart not the obvious choice?
I'm sure a legendary bloodbug wouldn't be annoying at all.
"Lucky for you, Kroenke would move on his own."
Nothing a CAF day shouldn't fix.
Yang lain kan tolak langsung jd ga ada yg perlu kembalikan uangnya.
You can add me.
Yay for another reference to everyone in the community being ignorant idiots &amp;lt;3.
Speaking truth to power from beyond the grave!
It's gosu ofc!
But sufferin' succotash is vince writing because he is out of touch
You're letting the terrorists win
I could totally see this being used professionally at some point with white text to the left of him.
It's not biased if I agree with what they say.
"When they began the serious drug prohibition, they were able to talk to public into endorsing the growing surveillance/police state, so the government gets what it wants very quickly by stirring the publics emotions with regard to crime."
"But man, didn't you know that having customer support automatically makes all EA's scummy, over-priced DLC ridden games like 10 times better than any of that hella garbage on Steam?"
"The baby was asleep during the incident, so no real harm was done..."
Every election we open the borders and allow Canadians and Mexicans to vote in our elections so we can post things like this online and give us reasons to complain why our candidate didn't win.
"There's an S and a J in your name, so you're already 2/3 spooky SJW skeleton, you cuck"
SPEEDY SPEED BOY
see this is why we dont need nuclear energy because its always one step away from blowing up half the country
Drive!
You belong against the wall.
As long as they are my enemy!
"Right, because Thibs was this amazing coach who did well in the playoffs."
Just shows how much their fans know about actual football.
"It really is infuriating to see them claim these words like depression and other mental illnesses, self-diagnosing themselves to be special, and undermining the credibility of actual mental illness."
"Fuck, if I didn't have all these student loans I could buy my own Ivory factory... er um, elephant."
She would be if she wasn't being pushed aside to make way for Space Mountain Jr.
Little do you know... That's where it started because it couldn't take that or Iceland last game.
"Thirded, I need one."
lol and people still believe in global warming come on guys
That sick NiP skrilla m8
The charging tables and pipe modules look especially great
Have treasonous and rebellious thoughts against the union.
... but Bernie is a libertarian... Ron Paul said so!
Hasn't Unity always been broken?
Good thing the Saudis used their oil money to diversify their economy to ensure sustainability in the long-term with a strategic approach in mind!
"Apologies for the Murdoch source, just saw it on Google and face palmed immediately how Reclaim thinks this is positive attention for them."
"Yes but we need to keep minimum wage below the poverty line, because employers can't afford to pay higher wages in this stagnant economy."
What burnout he is only in 3 missions?
"No shit, schlomo."
Saw a Jackie Chan looking character driving away in one last night in the ID with a black man that looked like Chris Tucker on the back.
I trust a random guy on the internet more than a company that relies on good publicity for sales
"Ya'll did something wrong then, the GK is soooooo OP you should be able to kill it in one mag!"
Funny how things work out like that...
"Well, it's not like Price is a common last name or anything..."
Is one-legged leg press better than using both legs?
If it works as well as Apple Music I'll switch on day one!
"And many Bukkit plugins do not work, and are not built for Spigot."
"That goal equipment is far too big, the league needs to step in and mandate smaller gear."
Yeah cause we all know Cloud was the star of those games
"This is troubling, to say the least."
"You mean Ben ""It Ain't Rape If She's An Ape"" Garrison?"
Should have let natural selection take place.
Because men *never* use instagram or snapchat.
What makes you think Telltale would do that?
That's *such* an INTJ thing to say
Info wars all the way!
7.5GB VRAM
"Consoles have PC parts, therefore, they are a PC."
"I can tell from your accurate posts, ability to drop proper terms like ""Nautical Miles"" and just use miles, and in-depth knowledge of the North American ADIZ and Sovereign territory that you are in-fact an Air Weapons Controller working for NORAD."
"Pfft, it's basically just penicillin."
"FUCKING UGLY THINGS, FUCKING BANISH THESE THINGS FROM LIFE LIKE WINDMILLS"
I don't think there was any football in superbad.
It's still illegal.
carry
But teal is *soooooooo ugly* lol
"Well, prices vary, but when they're cheap they're cheap for a reason."
"I pray God has written kheir out of this in the grand scheme of things, but I can still see it going really really bad."
"I'm a straight dude, but that's one damn sexy jesus"
Yes that would be the gist of my original comment
This is so accurate
hard to render high resolution when the computer has to fit in the small device
"Too much of ANYTHING is a bad thing, unfortunately."
The horror.
High school
People that want to eliminate entire groups of people.
"Really nice, who's the artist?"
"If it weren't so incredibly expensive, I'd be cool with it."
They are all found in the general shop; the orange terminal.
I bet he hears that all day in class.
"I like the Mission ones, but they use hydrogenated oil, so I stopped eating them."
The Republic of Kuwait will ensure that no Kuwaiti company or citizen supplies the DPRK with anything.
"I think this might be a troll because they actually spelled ""losing"" correctly."
"It doesn't seem like it has much structural support, but I could be wrong."
"Gonna miss the pink but its nice to see he's gone back to the ""classic JB"" helmet"
"Man, RLM sure do hate F1."
noonkick is always your friend
WAT
Can we just not have a bye week next season?
Hopefully they're just going to ask for that later...
If you have a Car you can go to HEB a super market near by.
She looks so sad about it!
Better not piss on his rug.
Ellen Page seems real interesting... fucking Juno man..
"Try telling Arsenal fans that, being undefeated is more important than winning games"
Ugh Bo Burnham's lyrics are always more bland than bran muffins
Did you get someone?
\#famasmasterrace
I thought our law makers now were the mid twenty something hippie's that were around in the 1960s.... You would think they would have somehow interacted with weed on a level in their lives that was not detrimental to someone's health.
"LCAR made me do the longshots in HC Dom, I lost my mind trying to get them in core"
"Not like corporations, they are saints!"
"500+ hours, there is 0 predictability to wasteland's bullshit."
Truth and facts rarely stop the kids these days...
Pictures of said gear?
Schneider= Schneids
Lasagne: 5/7
Fact: Most anorexics admit to browsing /fit/.
"Too bad there is no such thing as a ""leftist establishment."""
"Well, you can only carry 1 Revive, 2 Revive Lights, and 2 Crescent Dews at a time."
"NRA, the supporter of terrorists."
"Definitely not, it's a real aphrodisiac for sure."
A 3 mile run is quick and easy good one
Nope!
Cut your dick off.
"No no it's all-natural fructose, from fruit!"
And I thought my Xr15 over my 25g was overkill lol What % are you running them at?
A true comrade and scholar
Jett
Save your fake crying and attempts to garner sympathy for your suicide note.
Good luck.. Our O-line did AMAZING under him.
"I think it's better for the girl because she has more clit stimulation but it's a lot worse for the guy, still feels good though and I always find this position to be super hot"
The enemy cowers before our numbers!
How many of us are just neckbeards looking for a catharsis?
I hear you can even use an advanced hacker tool known as Tracer T to find out the addresses of everyone else using Google!
To bad he doesn't use the best words like Trump.
I don't seem to see you here often.
Try email asus support maybe they will send it to you.
Shocker!
"I think you mean, here in 'soon to be russia'"
Half life 2
"It's M_Me_Meteo, obviously"
Yes but they do not have any problems related to guns at all.
Yeah it's one of those fast food places where the retail workers are directly involved with manufacturing products.
"And now that he's come out and said how much it gets under his skin, surely it'll stop."
"Goro, Kano, Reptile, D'vorah, F/T."
Did Gudas and white play?
And then you too can live in a million dollar home and bang hot Asian chicks.
Yeah but americans are war mongering demons who love bombing people and we might as well glass the hajis.
It couldn't have been from decades of intense suppression that caused people to rise up.
are Neck deep joining roosterteeth too?
Maybe it partly explains the performances against India.
It's impossible to make a dead body equip clothes after you've taken their original outfit.
Just put your Uber sticker over it
Maybe if we still fought wars with shields and spears this would be compelling.
Your voicepack makes me so salty when I die that I can't use it :(
No they need cuddles and positive reinforcment that they are absolutely perfect as they are!
Damn so close
Maybe it's the First Orders special left handed squad of troopers?
The show must go on
[](/ppmoney)I need money for an SSD!
Your girlfriend let you cut her open?
The clap or the head shake enrages me in Dark Souls PvP (the only other place I PvP besides Destiny for now)
Would you call Ebonics English?
I'm sure the nuclear annihilation of the town had zero impact on the property value.
So we should also assume Logia DF users in One Piece don't retain their intangibility?
They said explicitly that shields upon revival were reduced I believe they even gave a %.
"Ya; because 2015 will be the year that Scrooge McBernie spent raking in millions from lobbyists, creating offshore shell companies and lighting cigars with hundred dollar bills."
"Quality post man, a lot of effort you put into it I can see."
Dat flawless logic
Yea that Ratchet and Clank one was sooooooo bad!
Whocares about 11% when we can have Austin Petersen and have 2%!
I'm sure the Inhumans movie will eventually come out... without a single reference to the events of the television show because it's *too confusing* for the audience.
That makes a pretty cool pattern form this angle
"Doesn't matter, had sex."
But that would be racist
Because lower resolutions don't look very good?
I thought it was because he took his name off it.
"Yeah, the best way to combat perceived oppression is to lash out at someone with significantly less power than you."
"Yes, let's learn say smokes for a map which is exiting the mappool."
One of my parent's cats would sit in the crib with me when I was a baby/toddler - don't be surprised if yours does the same.
Tribes Bros represent.
"On a Mic'd up of Sanders when he was stretching he was repeating some of the criticisms he gets just to hype himself up ""He's too short, too skinny, too slow, now look at me."""
but what ifi have social issues and dont want to go to the store?
Very obviously you're metabolism SO fast at a 20 bmi that you are literally pooping the bacon out as you are eat it.
Thank you for directly and clearly answering my question
You mean to say being told the name of the switch doesn't make you immediately find it?
Man up and do it en rout.
"No worries, you should get along fine if you can hold those ranks, keep in mind it's a different environment than MM but a better one."
Because Mexicans are so generic
How nice of them
How about talk to people and not be highly aware of their skin color?
chandler getting his womp on confirmed
"Where is the helmet, and why is there a soccer ball?"
Welcome!
Stunta-man took the name to heart.
Of course no one from the South could ever be as sophisticated or physically fit as the master-race of elites who live north of the Mason Dixon line.
because that was totally what I was going for.
U cheater get ban'd
It's because it was a black whale...
Great argument.
But the Earth is flat and since flat things exist on only one plane is it really even there?
Yeah this was just really unimpressive imo
That imac in the corner?
Foranoli to MVC next transfer window?
Cook some fish in the microwave.
Genius
"Uh, I'm sorry, I don't know any progressive who would back something as useless as Dodd-Frank ^"
"Squenix did 911 too, what a fucking twist."
She's just trying to get boys to like her
"Thank god, The map was literally unplayable."
Think the highest rating I've given a movie is 7/10
"Eh, quit your bitchen."
yeah I'm super butt hurt.
"Oops, gotta remove my eq and stereoscope then!"
[*butts^butts^butts^butts^butts^butts*]
"And carbon emissions have risen since then too, so I guess those must actually be responsible for the decrease in crime."
Bitches love rape.
Because a difference in pigment is equivalent to a miswiring of a primary biological drive.
Asian girls everywhere...U-C-L-A
But then the backers would have had to compete in a free market and where's the fun in that?
"Hey, here's hoping they can get the same dialect coach for her that they had for SLJ!"
In America anything not American is communist Russian propaganda made by a liberal Jewish socialist
If only I had $45.
"Goddamn, Bernie Sanders is such a broken record!"
i didn't know that
We don't feel like our vote matters so we just don't vote
"But you can imagine what it would be like if we did, right?"
Inhale your teammates and fire em at your opponents!
"Hey, ALL marriage is a fraud, and it's rather difficult to spot, no?"
Whoa baby
And it's also a 2v6 playlist ha ha
Of course you do.
"'Hillary is a Neo-Con"" Well that's one way you Republican types can sooth yourselves after she wins, hell sounds like a reason for you to vote her."
Well I do have plenty of coke...
sorry i dropped this
I'm so ready to have to spend $1 per competitive match.
Just like the blacks!
Nothing redneck about that.
Yes.
Tell whoever posted this that they are funny and original.
"But don't you see, the US has more people per capita!"
That ought to hurt his morale!
"Sbaglio o manca ""ragazzi appartenenti a onlus/ex tossici/chiesa che ti vendono stampe di cose a caso"" ?"
"Yeah, this would be so damaging to his image"
I'm about 99% sure 109 was in afterbirth.
"If Jesus didn't turn water into wine, why are there still monkeys?"
"Yes, the human need for physical contact is such a dirty, shameful thing."
That's a woman so she can get away with it
"You released a video game I didn't like, you and your families should DIE!"
"Nah it's only you, everyone is getting him on their 2nd run."
"I agree, why should the people fighting for equality have to deal with equality."
"According to Google, you make up to 2 liters/day!"
This is a sweatshirt... You mean a knit?
*Sees Chaos symbol* *Cocks bolter*
"In a box, and I'm a jump on top of the box, and we won't have to worry about it no mo'."
I wonder which one is the hockey player!
This is a repost of a repost of someone reposting a reddit post on twitter.
boooooo
Yaya: They got black forest cause Im from Africa
just use a lower case L for the I
I'm 18 myself and the older one is like 17ish if I had to guess I'm not sure though
I think that was
"there are free VPN in china, if people want to go over the censor, they can do so easily."
Seattle it's $14 I think
What happens when your inventory is full and they are returned?
I wish condi-rev was viable too :(
"and a lot of that is because ""opinion"" is driven by the media, and the media (being basically 6 corporations who own and control all US media) is owned by the same plutocrats who prefer Hilary to win, since she is the candidate who best suits their agenda."
Plus he took every snap this season
oh thanks
Knowing valve it'll probably be a let down
I hate that new trend where you hate on every new trend out there
Try disabling SpeedStep in bios.
My problem is I probably have over 3000 subscriptions from over 4 years of being on YouTube
"To tell you the truth, even some Christian Syrians are very conservative and don't integrate, but the fact that they are Christians makes them mix with the majority of the Europeans, yet they differ on some subjects."
Cookie Monster
"Yes, that will help domestic unemployment rates..."
I wanna be nightmare Freddy holding a watermelon
Since he beat up his creepy stalker.
Report back tommorow!
Teach me your ways
The evil adds a better taste.
losing* can't be that hard to spell a word u are very familiar with properly?
SURVIVAL INSTINCT
"Am I correct in assuming, then, that you do not own a 300ZX?"
I wouldnt be surprised if this is how Korean bronze is.
If only there was a direction to the left I could guide left-handed people.
"Yeah, Jotaro, unless Giorno's hiding a rat in that hairdo of his."
Did you install any adblockers or special DNS servers at the router level?
"IMO, that's so Gameloft cannot get in trouble for IAPs when honest kids answer honestly they are indeed kids."
Because he is on the correct side!
Gotta love a good sport
Explain
"the regular way worked perfectly fine for me, drew a slightly irregular box shape and it set the play area square inside it and I was able to play."
Stories like this burn me up.
Jokes are funny.
You shouldnt drink that much on a work Day :-)
"To be honest, I wouldn't give my teacher a gun."
Please change the tag.
"Nope, the blobfish owns those letters now."
damn stacked loooool
"Think they could make the font on the cards smaller, I can just barely read them."
"may I ask why, van aanholt seems like a pretty normal guy"
Blacks can't be racist.
4X cry-laugh emoji THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
That's the kind of liberal candidate that we need!
has a nice car
I'm sure they would never lie to us.
Aka quarians
Let's see how much Chuck likes getting an MRI...
To be honest was a Saudi financed and run mosque that educated that terrorist.
"No, I did not."
[TAKING SMALL ARMS FIRE](HTTPS://DRAWCEPTION.COM/PUB/PANELS/2014/3-11/MR9LOPDHTG-8.PNG)
"Tier 1 for me are teams that can win big tournaments, Tier 2 teams are teams that can beat T1 teams sometimes, but not win a tournament."
Wie kommt man eigentlich auf sowas?
Nice!
He's asking about *Diminishing returns*
Made up for it later when they called our goal off in the 3rd.
"Well i'm hoping with this wave of Star Wars movies in the next couple of years, if they don't blow ass... They'll continue filling in gaps."
Or were you eating packets of mustard in Barney's car?
Don't you talk about my Jesus that way.
"At least if he was preggers, the whittle baby would have more space to move around"
This should be world wide punishment for all pedophiles and rapers...
IDK man if the cap keeps rising like this is may be a possibility.
Found the nutritionist
"Yes, because greedy capitalists are obviously to blame."
What's a BBG?
Who's on first?
Needs an amd card tho...
It's a good thing you didn't accidentally slip!
That money would be better spent donating to Sanders
So Kolo put Mama onto the fat burners...
Yeah I know some nurses that graduated nursing school never hanging an IVPB
Who's Drew Derek?
TY
"but obviously you're voting against your own self interests, because you had thoughts that aren't the same as mine"
More like Assault Sniper baby killer rifle
student of history i see
Apparently you're unaware that children are property of their parents and that as such there is no 'violation' that can occur against them as they're effectively private property.
Proud of these guys
Going from 13 to 13.5% weapon damage on my sniper rifle was so worth the massive resources invested.
I am curious about why Turkey should.
"Not anti-Christian, but bigger than"
"He also promised to _not_ appoint a minister for the Malvinas/Falklands, and instead work to defrost tensions with the UK; so that's going to be a big help with foreign affairs/European trade"
Ibalik ang Pilipinas sa mga disenting tao!
Good luck and easy quick delivery vibes to you!
WHAT
But the woman is clearly the victim here as she was suffering from post partem depression which was caused in part by the patriarchy's influence on modern culture that pressure womyn into having and raising children.
ALL TEH BABIES!
It's called a full keyboard for the numpad I typically use TKL
You'll prob have hack into one or hack one together yourself ;)
"Man, how am I going to heat my house and water?"
Can someone slow that down a little more?
Fake.
"yes, you are."
Because Sanders totally isn't doing the exact same thing with the evil 1%.
You do seem like a really NOICE girl tho
"amazing argument, i am completely and utterly convinced you are correct"
Give that squid the camping hat so it looks ultra fresh
"LOL but god ISN'T REAL, I don't need FAIRY TALES to comfort ME!"
nah just use thorn tho
Profound.
What a very long gif
"I have all of Bowies albums, isn't Amazon Prime great!"
"If McNair hasn't questioned Ricks capability to this point, there's probably nothing that will."
"In post-Soviet Europe, war comes to you :D"
"Oh i get it, cause his dad was Mister Perfect...Really subtle there WWE"
I identify as hyper kin
"The way he brought up all his personal anecdotes and ranting about ""fuck doctors and I pour my drugs down the toilet"" and preaching to the guy to get massage therapy instead of medication just makes it seem like he has some prior history with drug addiction in his family/friends that is making him so over the top."
Return of the King I'm off for white shoals and a far green country
Waifu Wars
Psshh... That was 8 years ago!
Maybe he can do well on loan and come back
"Guess we better revoke the humanitarian aid this year, if we can't cure poverty/disease/and mental illness we can't do anything"
That's why the wealthy love him.
Not gonna watch someone with a gold FB lol.
"Senator Cruz, would you let Grandma die?"
"LOL yeah, what *you* say really matters to me."
"Gottseidank, man kann ja kaum noch den Fernseher einschalten, ohne Neger, Schwule oder Frauen zu sehen."
Is that the frequency that you guys hit deer and moose and stuff?
3) If a girl calls the police and punches herself in the face it's your fault and you are a monster and should man up.
Let the down-votes commence!
Gottem
You don't think I can improve it?
but...rhetoric!
I can't believe they let you broadcast.
Clash is a MOTD that decided to stick around.
Simple: Buy a new computer!
You didn't know that the SEC is a basketball conference and UK-aTm is a huge rivalry?
forgot your
"Yeah that's what I meant, 3 hour login queue"
good thing we are cutting off every ones foodstamps so they will now get jobs to lower the unemployment rate.
Draft value will go down Auston2Boston confirmed.
It's almost as if sarcasm forces people to utilize a different perspective on their situations causing out of the box thinking that has no limits.
"We've said this many times, but with that logic, cop would have been the best adc in season three from statistics."
"Had Cooper actually ask questions about problems in America, and not about fantasy football."
Because our inept front office doesn't know how to keep players happy
Well that relationship is build on a solid foundation
"Ok people, repeat after me....."
"Don't worry, modders will fix it"
Satan herself *would* claim that....
Nah
But but but those posts were before he saw the light and decided to not just shitpost.
"Like you asked me ""Would i like to be stabbed in the front , in the back or in the forehead"""
"Pff, Bernier is the one making all the highlight reels"
Flawless logic
This will certainly help to alleviate racial tensions.
"Oh boy, this dude is gonna be a great dad and husband!"
Thank you Paul Pierce!
CBCP banned tampons as they're the devils work.
I still can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not
I feel that
"Yeah, uhh... I just ordered the salad..."
What if it is a bullshit holiday like Columbus day?
"Yeah, that doesn't look like a good film."
"His tax bill is more than I make in year, damn."
"talk openly, always remember to respect each other, and for goodness sakes... give the benefit of doubt, don't assume or write stories in your head."
You can put a baby in them and roll them down a hill.
You didn't like Topher?
Yea I ***really*** should've been paying attention to free agency when I was 6 years old in the 90s
I still love that that asteroid got a Stargate-themed name.
"No, this is much worse."
Fat
"This makes me feel so proud knowing that our country's president not only welcomed Al Bashir into the country despite an ICC warrant out for his arrest (with SA being an ICC member), but also directly contravened a court order from South Africa that prohibited him from leaving the country and got him out via a private military airport."
Judging by the timing of his comment (after yours) I'm going to assume it's a joke.
Learned that lesson trying to follow the whole Russia/Crimea/Ukraine mess.
it just disgust me they used Cloverfeild name for marketing bump
But which 99.999% of every other person?
"Even when he loses, he always get under 16."
Thanks.
"It's still in the same ballpark, I guess ;)"
"So, video and photographs in the article are fake according to you?"
"Except this *should* be far, far, far easier to implement."
I mean i never did bring my cat into it... but she does have a great left hook tbh.
Yeah because it's goona completely shake up the meta
Am I too dumb to understand what is funny about this?
When you can't say something nice .....
I think he want to build a wall.
"I don't man, throw a ""I'm tellin ya Mike"" in there and I'm pretty sure it'd be more Gruden than Madden"
"Nah, he's gonna endorse Trump!"
If you look on the number of Palestinians alive over the last 100 years it is going to be very hard to claim any genocide is going on.
Fitzzzz
A man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still.
High transversal avoids enough damage?
Second was my fave
Mother Teresa over here...
"So they weren't walking, right"
Global ^cries^Kappa
"Come on now, what are you gonna do, declare war on another country and NOT upgrade your nuclear arsenal?"
"But she also states they're around the corner, and unless she's super powered, she can't see that they're still following her."
17 is legal in some states though so that's not creepy
He's the next Mitch Marner
Arum is actually telling us its because of Pacman's comments loll
"I know it is definitely in the past 5, I just haven't had a chance to look."
Let's just not have any laws about anything!
The tactleneck!
"True, although the onus still seems to be on the parent."
It's not genocide when brown people kill other brown people.
"Yeah, Terraria wikipedia is a lifesaver!"
LIMA
What's PII?
Hardware *if you know what I mean*
surely you mean Communists
"Tide goes in, tide goes out."
"The lame, overused Facebook jokes that are now slapped onto a picture of a minion .. Yeah the minions are annoying but the low quality of the joke pisses me off more"
I just sank into my chair and was ever so depressed
Millennia of neanderthal nose-picking can't be wrong
"Sure, but mine have multiple devices, and a remote"
That stable is awesome
You mean swamp German?
"He means that when you press restart in the Start menu, you can hold down shift while you do it."
Don't ask someone a question while they're blowing they're nose.
"While we're at it, let's just remove every female from the game just in case someone else will be offended by some other stupid shit"
Be the change you want to see in the world
"As a server admin in sandbox games, I'll regularly cheat in materials for the sake of not spending eight hours to get my building idea out."
Nice argument
something about power and pot?
"nice find, holy shit lmao"
They play Extended the same place they sell 8-tracks.
Thank you.
A good hitchhiker never forgets their towel
"Ya I think I might send it to an influencer, because I don't have tons of followers yet"
"They get so unfriendly when you point out that it's an actual hate group, don't they?"
quality post
It's *clearly* near 1.00.
DHL.
Quality dev resource sink.
"obviously they are against something, therefore they must secretly be that thing"
"But was Kloppenburg ""inspiring"" enough?"
MFW Zach getting laid AF
I assumed it was more because they reincluded the SD drawer.
All this talk about 60fps... Clearly you guys don't appreciate the cinematic effect 30fps brings.
Cena's AA to Orton's RKO.
Will never forget when JW used the run boost on Inferno with the AWP.
Rainbow mimics are the actual final boss
"Oh boy, he sure has my vote now"
Pretty sure they're talking about zelda
"Looks like a security camera to me, nice try ~~NASA~~ NSA"
Found it while walking through Target tonight.
"Yes, it's almost like it forces your mind into a meditation of sorts."
"Islamic women are oppressed, so lets liberate them by telling them what they can and cannot wear and further alienate them from society!"
Hey give the man his safe space.
Meth..
MCSkillet
But we just haven't done it *right* yet.
"Well, obviously women are more sensitive to insults."
Good one.
"Yeah, the amount of content being produced totally keeps going down every year..."
As a striker.
"It actually is possible and there is a custom Skype client out there, but it's not possible (as of last year at least) to do calls on a custom client."
Wow you have a different opinion then me and that makes you stupid.
"No, a lot less like that."
"Yep, and it looks like a 13 year old game."
A Goofy Movie
"Yeah, I can't believe people think Barraza's Nsig somehow isn't as good and versatile as Hattori's."
"I must correct you, Nice_Shot, Jared *did* a lift a finger...he shuffled his chips to fake people into thinking he was bidding on a punishment."
Just finished reading this fucking loved it but I was a little confused by the last chapter.
You rang?
What is gross about that?
Do you think people have time to read instructions when they are driving a car and approaching a roundabout?
That was my favorite moment in the series.
"Yeah but it has ""free"" in it so it must be better for the peoplr, amirite?"
It must be a run flat.
Don't forget Hillary Clinton failed to stop 9/11 and got soldiers killed in Beruit.
"but but but, the liberal media."
It's the same thing
"One thing people always complain about in downtown Toronto is too much parking, so this makes sense."
"then she'll go out on maternity leave, and you'll get cancelled."
"yes, I'm sure his winrate is close to 100%"
"Sucks even more living in the Bay Area with warriors ""fans"" at every sports bar"
Source?
I'll be pursuing anyone who pursues people who do this.
"If you like bass so much, why don't you just get beats?"
stop being racist!
Obviously Attack of the Clones
"But it made over $200 million throughout the world, that means it should win an Oscar,"
Yeah they have to hire a guy to shut hsgg up as well.
THAT'S ABUSIVE!
Yeah but at least that's not as bad as this...
Nanos aren't real
Sometimes HR departments are given another HR department so they also have someone to hate.
I demand a depressed lego figure
Get out of here with your real world thought!
"I can't find my /users/Nathan folder, are you sure it exists?"
Starfish are so fast!
Seconded
"Yeah, racing games are only played by nerds."
I think he's referring to [1 Corinthians 5:12]
"I think he needs to ""accidentally"" get drunk and sleep around more before you can be completely sure, so just step aside like you've been doing and continue to let it happen."
They should disable the shoot button when a player with less than 90 finishing is on the ball
But....we're spartans.
"Not OP, but it's probably short for ""Assistant General Manager""."
I wish ELI5 was actually this.
"US of A, the exceptional nation!"
Works well in multi user calls as you seem taller and more aloof.
"Apparently Paulus was a most loyal subject to Hitler, since he totally committed suicide as Hitler wanted, and never went on to criticize Nazi-Germany from Russian captivity."
"Remember, you're only getting one side of the argument; there could be more or less to it."
At least it isn't as bad as PSN
"Yeah, but does it work on slight inclines?"
Yeah and there are totally no McGregor nuthuggers here
"Oh come now, how doesn't like holding their own hands when their holding a woman's waste?"
But then the vlog will be boring!
Everything about this woman screams sanity..
I find your lack of originality disturbing.
We'll let Trump be the judge of that.
Also a minor problem haha...
John Fox trusted him after he had him in Carolina.
you forgot the
Dude this bust sends *a clear message* to those who would do harm to our citizens.
"Wow, I've never met someone named Thoughts Urn before!"
and we are still waiting for your creative genius to shine through
With a meta this slow this has 100% chance to activate
"It's mindless and he hates losing to it, obviously."
Because it's definitely fun to play a game with an uncoordinated team vs a fully coordinated communicating team
"Don't know what this ""Elder Scrolls"" is, but I'm hyped for Skyrim 2!"
If it isn't about complaining or drama the sub reddit doesn't care.
Corner camper....
Bitching on twitter on the other hand..
But it's obviously a very dynamic game!
"You just triggered me, shitlord cis scum"
"It's too lifelike, I can't enjoy the story."
anjaaaaayyy
You can remove robot_move as you never use it and i think you can replace your if at the end of your for loop by santa_move = !santa_move
"Well, they had ""Army"" in their name for a reason"
"I also move that criminals should be referred to as ""people who committed a crime,"" or at the least ""amazing people who've fallen on hard times, but everyone's a special flower, unless they're white"""
Wow The Giant looks so weird on last gen
Call me retard or scrub again and I'll sue you for hatespeech.
called it bro
Will serbia learn after the 41st time?
Did you lose weight because apparently you didn't What the fuck is that?
"Here is the real problem; ""mother of four""..... She is training multiple future jihadists, as are most women in that area, whether they volunteered to be mothers, or were raped as sex slaves."
"That was borderline porn though, and I think you'd have trouble finding a screencap as ugly as the one they used, in the -gatari anime sequence in question, if only because that one used white toothpaste which is less jarring than the teal stuff."
So should we do a poll tax or a reading test?
"Ah, that's a good point, usually in England it's done by number of bedrooms not including living rooms, I dunno about Germany but I imagine a 70m^2 flat would probably have room for two bedrooms and a living room, can someone from Germany confirm that?"
"Tell your girlfriend to buy you a new bed, then dump her."
Trump in 2017 will mean a right leaning moderate replacement for Scalia.
Panggil aku abang long dong.
He put all his stats to intellect.
"Well... if you had done it before 1936 maybe WWII had been 'easier' from 36-38 he just slaughtered his way through the high command of the soviet armed forces (and 7% of all other officers) If he had died before this, maybe the soviet army would have had the experience to resist the germans a little better."
That's a cute butt Vagina pics ?
"Color-blind here, are you sure?"
FNaF World is kinda about how people and Scott himself took FNaF
:D Yeah
And they are bulkier and don't kit on a key ring either.
These ISIS guys are turning out to be real assholes.
I do no physical activity at all except walking
"I love how long it takes Alan to start laughing at Stephen's ""Taylor swallow"" joke."
Maybe if your ships delivered as much freedom as ours you would be more sentimental.
"I see, but there is a very strong tendency from some to say ""it's a construct so it should just be broken"""
The music was awesome this episode!
"I feel like this needs to be a ""how to paint video""."
We love it when people ask us to walk the dog!
So it's ham in between two egg surprises?
"Mavs, Dirk was one of the reasons I got into Basketball at all."
If only something came in this lovely pearl white besides the included tanks!
Bjerg must've gotten fined so hard for each fan he didn't high five after that game where he felt sick
They don't pretend otherwise ;)
Ready to make it back to back?
I think thats the best i could do and the xeon is just a cheaper i7 so don't worry about that.
"I usually have 100-150 ping, and I get melted like never before."
Can I use this to SLI a bunch of GeForce 210s?
The private system is always better....see?
wow talk about delusional.
I'm so glad to hear another voice against Goodkind's series; it seems every time I knock it I get down voted into oblivion.
i couldn't say it better.
All 3 of them.
Nothing sexist there!
If Rozy left his feet he would have been 3ft over Zuckers head.
"And there's *Damage Control*, a Marvel sitcom in development, too."
the audio track being muted makes the video
"I think we'll have a better shot catching Boston, actually"
You're a good person u/homicidal_penguin
"Gotcha, maybe I'll try to get a few."
There's a hot dog named after it.
At least spray paint can be detailed off
"That's steam, they pump water under the engine to not set the planet on fire."
I'm Joe Duffy?
It's a bot that'll send me a message about it in 5 years.
"Xavi was wanting more playing time, he was an importan bench asset last season, but far from crucial."
"Do they have the Gall to sign him, though?"
The state of denial isn't very delegate rich.
"I can a dump in a box and slap a guarantee on it, I've got time."
I agree it could be toddlers tired of going to bed early.
"Ah yes, the southern states of Iowa, Massachusetts, Ohio and Illinois."
It has been confirmed.
Do you have a source on that?
What?
"People are used to grind they get at the store, with mesh coffee filters you need the grind a bit different as too small and the grind will seep through, too coarse and it won't taste right."
"I live in a small'ish city (~125,000), and even though it's a college town, Tinder and OK Cupid are like 90% single moms."
"Actually, Cancer Man set that up."
Chill dude
I would have gone with fused claptons.
"Now H&amp;M will have even more plan, gray shirts!"
It goes away on Monday... So yeah it's permanent
"Thanks for TL;DR, didnt feel like reading 20 words anyway."
Pm'ed.
"Yeah there was just so few massive, decently armed and funded rebellions throughout Europe during the time period of EUIV."
How do the angels and guppies get along?
I'm going to take a step back and wait until I hear all the facts.
Lol buff the frame rate.
I can't stand the project either - but I've found a really simple trick you should try: Just don't watch it.
"You're right, this is hilarious."
IP Man 4 looks great
"You're right, he didn't even give a trigger warning!"
How does one compete with a no-look pass?
"Yeah, but that's like saying that a kick in the nuts is better than a dose of the clap...there's no *good* options there."
Coloured hair; clearly alternative.
This times a million.
"Aside from all the fraudulent things that went down, the early registration deadlines, the closed primary and the last minute voting sections operating hours being cut by 6h contribute a great deal to suppression of the turnout, which is what they're arguing there."
That's Russians for ya!
"Nah dude obv cheaters, they got like 2 headshots in a row"
Then I guess it took more than one dart
Just offer a few prayers to the Omnissiah.
69 A
Maybe Riot doesn't know how to fix even one of the 19 bugs he has
Tell that to Lance Stephenson
Mass Effect multiplayer platinum mode anyone?
Any solo thing is archaic and anti-team.
B-but that would require work!
Buh buh buh they are forcing me to except transsexual people exist!
Oh you mean like a Secret Wars?
Call me Cassius Christos
pedophelia duh.
"Now back to the issues, the issues that are important to Hillary."
"But, this really opens everyone's eyes to the problems, so they'll get around to fixing them for next time"
You need a
"You're right, he's way worse"
I had to have been standing like right next to you lol
Come on Bernie only needs 97.6855756% of remaining delegates
"The hyper 212 evo, or the cryorg h7 for a bit more for a bit more cooling."
By n00bz using Blink-Shotgun Warlocks \#YearOneBestYear
This kid just had his dreams made.
Because sports.
Yeah because we're really seeing a lot of updates and bug fixes
"There's no 2nd amendment guaranteeing our rights to meth or ebola, moran."
"But dude everything is NA fault, it's literally hitler"
Yeah but would you spend 50 bucks to make 14 cents?
Homosexuality is evil after all.
New PurpleBoi comic for restarting under new account confirmed.
"Yea, because the whole thread is a great unbiased representation of public view."
"I don't think you understand what ""setting"" means."
What about corners?
The middle finger shows even more emphasis.
What's the third one over?the brown one?
"I know how the Qur'an was compiled but I am saying that in any such thing, unless it was written by the Prophet himself, there is always room for something to be missed."
"You are making the assumption that people are ""reasonable""."
Get off our internet you silly Brits!
"You can also tell because Jagex brought Vic back and has a Treasure hunter l promo that's great for stocking up on bonus xp, just as they did before the last double xp weekend"
"Because if Sanders does a tour, it's guaranteed to propel him to the lead!"
"lets be real though, when was the last time TSA let a bomb through the gate?"
That would actually be a great experiment :D
That's some next level social disorder you two seem to share.
"He said good :( Believe me, I'm trying my best to play Blue Moon too."
Yes of course... Zero tolerance defines that in the name... Idiot
So he's Joe Dirt?
"Quick quick, I'm sure there is some social media page that Sanders supporters can brigade in protest!"
But why don't you want to pay $320 for four Jaces?
"yeh, not 100% ill get another one.."
"SIP = Snow Insulated Panels, so you're good either way"
"Yeah, obviously to overdose on homeopathic medicine, you'd have to take *less* of it."
this made me laugh waaaay more than it should :D
Because they can't afford a car.
"Yep, seems like today won't be the day ;/"
Yeah but the guy had been drinking therefor it's ok.
There tends to be just one or two writers rather than a full room of them like on many US shows.
Can't tell you how often I've wanted to go out and just slaughter some orcs after playing Shadow of Mordor.
That clearly worked well for Gloria Steinem and Madeleine Albright.
Yes of course that's exactly what's happening here.
Prospect pool looking deep!
DOTA 2
Don't give that money to inner city schools or anything.
Yeah watching daigo throw to rich celebs would be so hype
Is Weddle too small to play ILB?
Does happen to be very cinematic though.
it's worth every penny we out here looking flee af
"Yes, Its way better using an aimbot, It beats the stupid need for having a mouse and makes you the true Trickshotter you always wanted to be"
holy shit what a pathetic way to spin the situation.
"How did you ever survive, much less avoid committing a mass murder?"
What rank in league are you now?
It's a good thing Bathesda has always had shitty DLCs with poor quality to give us a good reason to doubt them.
Hilarious and original.
But genetics have massively changed since the school and desks were built!
No!
An even BETTER excuse to ruin your skis!
he was obviously vetted better than Obama people think Obama wasn't a citizen or a Muslim and all that wouldn't have happened had he been vetted better.
Incercam ceva diferit de clasicul
"Ahh Brazil, the Germanic Protestant giant of South America."
Well clearly you deserve it.
"She's actually 100 now, this video is 7 years old."
"Yeah cuz when a **black** person kills multiple people its not a **mass shooting**, that's only for **white** people so the liberals can talk shit about those ""racist redneck school shooters""."
Danger zone!
"Yea, cuz his performance against SKT and EDG weren't good at all"
"Oh yeah, no shit, damn everytime I see a cop hes fucking shooting at me."
Borat really brought kazahkstan into the main stream though bro!
Ok trick senpai
So what are the other categories?
"It would have to be installed at everyone's faucet since the source of the lead is the city piping, not the water source."
I don't even think I've used the market in a campaign before
Keep your booger hook off the bang switch until you're ready to fire.
Can you into grammar?
Just OTA?
"Luckily, donated organs are not affected by how much an idiot the donor was."
I was typing out the entire le music defener comic but the app crashed :(
^found the cryptofascist
you don't play TTT
Anyone know if they released the camo camp online?
I think you forgot a
For the unitdex of course.
He's saying that just because you have your shield equipped doesn't mean you're 100% covering your whole body
"HoM Aromor looks fantastic, took a little effort to get it but perfect for alts!"
We call that a hard drive hot swap in this instance Hah.
There was also a discussion about how the owners quoted were terrible to work for on Reddit.
Yes please explain to everyone the perfect democracy we are apart of
"They had another tool, but they fired it."
Now where am I supposed to get my protein?
They seem to give enough shit to want to ban them.
No panlid?
Both possible trades on the Velasquez side are worth more
thats blading brilliant
But Conor had to go all the way from lightweight to welterweight on just TWO WEEKS NOTICE!
Thank
That is fantastically dickish.
Hellboy
Said another Wall Street mouthpiece...
Yeah I currently have a case that holds about a hundred or two CDs
You ignore state's habit of completely forgetting how to play basketball in 2nd halves.
"It's also his job to see this was a likely scenario when implementing the policy.. Businesses are greedy, this should have been planned for"
Damn Wittman must've really pumped them up in that locker room
Yep that's totally because the tampons were free
"Title of the post uses the present tense, which would preclude this being a discussion about food history."
That's not really true... Last time we stickied the suicide hotline...
GET OUT OF MY HEAD
That seems odd
I didn't think i needed to put
Not really.
lol okay bud
It seems to be back up now
If you take into account that many companies that are doing this are also part of *your* 401K or IRA then you also benefit.
"This is why I think ""debunking"" threads ought to be banned."
Left 4 dead 2 was recently announced for backwards compatibility
"I've tried that, doesn't help."
ive always wondered what the people that are around them are thinking.
There have been times where I cook rice with less water and fry it right away and it never stuck as much as this time.
You likely don't have much loot or maxed defenses that nobody wants to throw troops at for no return.
Your humor triggers me
"I just can't respect any rule called the ""Buster Posey"" rule."
"IKR, not like its one of the most important jobs out there or anything..."
"yeah poor Porsche people, let's start a charity for them."
I have but I'm always looking for more so if you have a list or something send it my way
Yeah you can if you want i think it depends alot on the overall fit
Where you dont know you cant drive a car You know you cant drive a car You know you CAN drive a car You end up not even realizing you just drove for 20 minutes to get a hamburger
Could you find a lower quality pic?
"Whenever I'd want to use a marine, I'd just as well use a paratrooper."
Don't really have a source but I remember reading the nerf in a translated patch note and tosbase updated their skill builder reflecting the nerf.
"Costco is different though, the CEO actually cares about his employees."
"Are you really jewish, would never have guessed"
Good riddance.
"Though, that's something you'll be using for *the rest of the game*, so it is a worthwhile investment in the end."
Why not telegram?
I take it you failed biology.
Where is DJ Hayden?
Hahaha I'm absolutely using this description at work tomorrow.
Or kids who wet the bed are more likely to be abused because their parents are sick of them wetting the bed
"moist is good, damp and collapsing is not."
"If it's not one guy, it has to be one gun"
you must be fun at parties
some say you can still hear the ghost of Sean Connery echoing in the distance if you listen hard enough
"Yeah, because someone who yesterday bought the game needs to constantly be matched against plats and lvl 100+, that's fair."
"Massive crit chance/base crit chance/multi, can't be any strong builds with those kinda things"
This is not really my cup of tea.
32bit doesn't count.
Lol what a narc
"She should learn how to make cooking and house core instead, like a good formatted little girl"
Tom Brady has let me down :(
Never too much OBS!
Boobs.
"Oh, no, the site design isn't that bad, but being greeted with this screen is kinda offsetting as someone that used to dabble in web design and development."
*cough*Dane Fox*cough*
This flower is actually a goat.
What would you have them do instead?
Yeah Xander *totally* looks like a girl in that picture to me
"...because every diamond player did his CS custom game training thoroughly, right?"
That means she'll lose men too.... Because the guys are only supporting Clinton to meet girls.
"Probably, or they expected everyone to see the error in thinking 10% is shitty."
did you research that?
"The ""Kill Civilians With Missile Medal"" duh"
The blacks were easier to control
When you want to put a sentence from Caesar on a cake but your cake isn't big enough.
No you're a fucking campsr if you stay in the goal
Gay stereotype?
"What is this ""time and a half"" you speak of?"
Because staying in police car with transmission in reverse was out of the question.
Press 1 for Slacks
My only rule would be that no one follows my rule
"But... but... but... if they provide a crappy app on their properties, it's the same thing as the quality, useful apps provided by others!"
"Easier still, small piece of paper or sharpie."
"Right, my bad."
"Excuse me, Tyrion, Jaime, and Cersei all grew up in Casterly Rock."
The kind of quality content this sub needs
Isn't a foggy headlight when most Porsche owners sell and buy a new one?
"[Insert obligatory: ""which kind"" here]"
"For everyone saying $600 is too much, this product was not designed with you in mind."
Hamster Dance
"Dang, wish I still had my steam roller."
When Sharp was good at COD
but how will he destroy ISIS now
Maybe he works in a shop and dreads having all the insane retards at once?
Only the indoctrinated and fools go there
Maybe they could go back and look at all the legislation they've passed to help working families over the last 3 decades to get ideas?
Ban gore
When does the poll happen now?
universities post academic calendars and final exams are hosted for one week and labeled on the calendar as such
Because treating public employees the same as everybody else is a bad thing
Coming to consoles when?
You're going to unDS your dog?
"But honestly, what IS a significant strike?"
But free college mannnn
Yeah it went up to 280 minutes.
Nah he just has good aim bro
omg they're gonna trade him!
But I thought hedonists are into that sort of thing.
forgot the
I just hope we're able to ensure a winning season too
You can submit a request to take it it it's not active.
"Yeah, they should definitely be nerfed to a point where you can a-moved clumped into 10 of them and not lose your army."
Teach him to say no
"Rights are to have, not to use."
Get schwifty~
I think it was
UV Sriracha
Painter's servant tezzorator clearly
"Because on reddit anything that takes physical effort is nothing more than stupid people watching sports-ball, unlike real sports like esports!"
"But they can't, they put a daemon on the cover of the last game."
"Oh, I absolutely ADORED running Seige of Orgrimmar for a straight year."
My friends get high and just listen to music all the time!
Manu Ginobli
"No shitlord, it's oppressive and proof of male privilege!"
this IS south carolina.
Fuck Google Plus
Date her after you get a vasectomy?
Just like women do!
"Yeah, calling it BLOWjobs didn't help either."
"Yeah that's the problem, her supporters haven't woken up yet."
Probably so
salutations human or maybe greetings entity.
"If you're going to go through that much work, then you might as well just mod them in with the dev menu."
"He's only the frontrunner because this poll was taken from white, male voters age 18-30."
Not in my Bible.
"The shootings do not correlate, you got damn racist pig!"
"making america great again, duh"
simmer down stoof
Just buy an SUV like everyone else...
Anyone that looks better than me is on steroids
Because of watercooling.
This could just be an great example of group think in asian nation's rather than an evil plot to rule the north.
You forgot your
But 2 years ago I once got 3 kills with a deagle on pistol round so its definately worth buying every time
What could possibly go wrong?
"Maybe the AFFIRMATIVE CONSENT crowd can help them, they sure fixed America's rape culture"
With Graphics just as good as fallout 4 too!
Get out of here you... with all your logic... and junk.
"Yeah, but that will never work; they have similar cultural values and religious compositions, they tend to be bilingual, they're nearby... we better just go ahead and start training these illiterates (don't yell at me; the majority of them *are* functionally illiterate) to drive our high tech manufacturing sector."
here's your
960 kcal
Green Ring of Death sounds a lot better!
Welcome to the new and 'improved' 'Murica.
That reply was brillent
"Right or wrong, my university"
I just set it on the table and it folded in half
The math checks out
Don't need doubles as we have the superior ranked Rocket FFA
I guess I should have used a
"Because hey, gonna do it may as well generate ratings for it."
There must be a warrant out for Tim Tebow then
It is if you're not lazy and entitled!
"It warms my heart that you frequently post on here Chong :,) I hope you know we love you."
"Oh yeah, the cited post in no way appears stupid or laughable"
A dash would make teemo way too generic.. his w is fairly known because he's supposed to be this uncatchable yordle that everyone is annoyed by and wants to kill at all costs.
Mmm I'll be sure to try them out if I get the chance for sure.
Until the .......Pre-Precursors show up....
How can a bland ass star dislike a horseshoe
Sorry as prisoners.
"And, then the Startup busts and so is the stock option."
Phone Guy never said adults.
I'm going to have to look up his Don Cherry impression
So what you're telling me is computers are sexist!
Debilitating diseases and the way they destroy those around you are knee slappingly hilarious.
The best grinders are made by Kannastor.
With liberty and #TWO CURVED HOLLOW FANGS
What is your skillset?
No but the woman probably went to jail/prison.
That penis sure looked strange :/
"Wait, why is Red Tornado little, isn't his body that of a robot even if his soul is more than that?"
So loud it convinced people they were pumping noise in.
So what you're saying is I should disown my mom.
Wait your dick doesn't look like a boat?
You take that back!
"If you're comfortable with it, could you share your stories?"
maybe the other team will be blinded by the atrocity and we'll blow them out
Thanks!
"Nope, no rape culture here, move along people."
Isn't there a saying though that any publicity is good publicity?
Well fuck... if Devon ever ends up staying healthy long enough the battle for 2nd is interesting... Do you take a good defender with a really good bat or a really good defender with an occasionally good bat.
Like Rand Paul.
Supreme court nominee...
It's 20 minutes until my favorite sushi place opens AND YOU ARE TORTURING ME.
And here I thought I was the only one who saw that h3h3 video
5mm and 8 turns
Yeah especially in IT-related causes where chances are about all of them will be clueless
Wenger resting for Wednesday?
2 Knight rings and Zerk amulet/accessories?
Then we can bash him for overpaying for a mediocre poacher?
Chill m8 The more I read it the more I appreciate the metaphor
To shreds you say
I love how you immediately went to sex offenders.
But the 390 has 8gb of VRAM instead of 8gb
That's a different animal all together
"Cool, thanks for the tip!"
"On one flight his pilot passed out, and without ever doing it before he was able to fly the plane for several minutes before the pilot regained consciousness."
2edgy4me
"He can see THINGS and uh y'know STUFF or like whatever, either way it's 2spooky4u"
Jesus Christ these fights scenes are gonna be off the chain.
Current Saints RT Zach Strief was the backup T and TE on elephant for his first few years in the league.
lol 7/10 scoring is accurate
What is the title trying to say?
"I thought the Garand was oneshotting already anyway in the head, you use it for the flinch I guess?"
"This is possibly the worst thing I've ever seen, unless you simply forgot the"
Now this kid has the real answers!
"Engineer, got it."
The Hunt
Because you're the lazy.
Beautiful.
Yeah but most of them are women and children!
"I do this already, lol... something portable would be nice though."
Only if you have Scholes on the left!
Scott Cartoon is best game creator
you forgot the
"Anchoring it to the wall with a cord might help, so that it can't be pulled out beyond the support of the fridge/wall."
"because you cant have a job and deal with you 70 yearold father with alzheimers that likes to take chainsaws and cut up random trees on the property, and will take cars and go out when you arent home, and not remember anything."
Just hot glue some gears to it and shop for nerdy shit
omg noobs only steal 350k loot low
"Crap, I got my tabloids confused, I feel just awful."
"I liked those they were fun, strange in design, but fun nonetheless."
Kishimoto forgot to draw it
Are you ready?
Doom and Bioshock Infinite.
"Um... Lo siento, no hablamos ingles."
"You're absolutely right, and that's my major gripe with the show, but since we can't really remove the writing from the character and then analyze him, he's still the Sherlock that can figure out the most from the least information."
"And to further clarify the situation, Porter's stick was *literally* blade down touching the ice when the Pen on Pen stick job occurred."
Obviously he was kicked for being toxicelele.
If only this wasn't posted before on this sub
I'm totally sure all the guns were purchased legally and by FOID card carrying law abiding citizens.
Also works if he's the only guy you've been with!
"No, that's just good ol' grit n' grind basketball, not like the Warriors pussy flagrant flopball."
Describe the country if these 4channers got into power.
Oh no... really.... dang.... ps:
"I think the point is very clear, but your snide Sanders remark is so clever you have single handedly convinced me to vote for the other guy !"
ar tb sa creasca semnificativ bugetul sectorului 5 acum ca o sa fie impozitata cum trebuie.
are you the anti-suarezteeth?
"4 women were murdered and 23 raped in the time it took me to read this post, misogynist."
"Well, actually"
They must be all using the metric system!
Did a bag get blown by your keyboard after posting this OP?
I watch massan while I play secret paladin so I can be a bot while i am a bot
Communism.
Baby Lapis's fish hair-clip is so cute.
"nono, you don't understand before premades didn't exist, this thing of being camped by the enemy duo is only a dynamic queue thing."
This is mostly QoL stuff that isn't too annoying imo.
"Holy shit, can't wait to see this in the LCS."
"But all atheists are satanists and sexual deviants, does that mean you're not a real atheist?"
Thank goodness for our anti-gun laws that discourage the law abiding from defending themselves.
I read an article (too lazy to find it) where kirkman said he hoped to get at least 16 seasons...
Classic Fabian strategy
"But that surreal joke a few months back, SO HILLARIOUS!"
Google is just running their bitcoin miners a bit too long.
And McDavid will be the last
"Nah, it's a book"
That's a bathing suit.
LMFAO we could buy 3.5g of shitty weed with that money.
I mean 20% for chapter 6
Does that mean he'll give some money back?
Vamos espalhar a Zika e a Dengue pelo mundo!
"Yes of course, how silly of me to forget about how Obama is *actually* trying to come take your guns."
Holy shit marry that woman
You were right to laugh... :-\
They should fire his ass.
I've shot several hundred rounds of reman out of my glock 19. its good stuff
"He works two full time jobs though, he can't be broke, just free......"
You import at this point.
Naw man he's holding AD back with his bad spacing cuz
Too true but the wrench is so rare.
Thanks for letting us know.
Im cool with lesbians.. I dance with ellen in my livingroom
must be big money
Why didn't you murder Dan Girardi for us?
Fake it til you make it woo-hoo
"Yep, I'm hard."
Racist!
Who knows.. apperently magpul is cheap shit now.. ATI has much better polymer
"Remember, political correctness just means being polite."
That must be why Justin Bieber/One Direction is the best musician ever!
I bet they wear pyjamas on their school runs.
"Idk man, tweeting that it's the ""album of the life"" isn't very clear."
"What about a finger and part of your thumb though....,"
PM'd you my code
"Nothing dividing ass and leg, I've got to agree with you"
If only the red ones had the Kung-fu Panda ad on them
You forgot the
Arty is balanced and promotes dynamic gameplay.
Thou shall not judge
Also yeah it's totally possible to fall into a black hole without dying and being ripped apart and then the inside is like a timeline of the backside of bookshelves
League of Legends: Jinglezz RS3: Mr Jinglez
"Yea, poor ice"
Honestly it's just an undercut that's swept to the side without using any product.
Whats wrong with that?
The 350 looks fake
I believe you mean wincest.
who?
"How about some positive news for once, Double?"
Looks to me like it misses Kenton Park almost entirely.
ITT: things that didn't happen
They're just two people in love man.
That's almost enough to max primed bane of grineer!
"Well, they are cammoflaged on Hoth!"
"Mooning is rape man, he raped her."
And your life has never been the same since.
Pushing gender norms and trying to justify it.
And the SS had nothing to do with National Socialism.
I said that isn't related to the film industry
"Because the rulers(government) aren't bourgeoisie, they are public servants!"
Typical victim blaming
"There's no air in space either, I think you just proved the moon landing was fake!"
...but they didn't have nukes.
Well yeah all rich people are dangerous and evil
Didnt know you could get a complete pqrs waveform with just thumbs.
You really think puppies are good spellers?
That's racist.
"Once you get below -20, you really can't tell the difference."
Yes because Yale in the 60s/70s is surely the same place it is today.
I find your username triggering
That's the America I know and love
It's not fucked up so long as you differentiate the video game and real life like so many people can't
Martin Van Buren
Better switch to Tor
Take off your fucking tinfoil hat and slow down
wait are you telling me my liberal arts degree is useless
A prominent Nigerian prince emailed me a few years ago about a promising financial opportunity.
But but muh immersion
but clickbait is something only SJWs are capable of doing!
Why is your character the Mother 1 protagonist?
Looking for that
They'll just update your AMD drivers and you'll be SOL!
"The man who trumped the world, an horror movie about an american supervillain investing his incredible wealth into a clone army to conquer the world and destroy Mexico."
Yes
"This actually looks not super difficult, I'm going to try it out"
"There is a god, and his name is Reggie."
"What's the advantage of a hybrid over a ""normal mech mod?"""
Seems like you finally found a thread that you can come into somewhat safely.
Fumbllllle
So... does THJ appear for us?
"You played not for the ignite then If you really go all out ignite, the moment voll is at 50% hp you stop casting and start looting, because hes dead, same is true for the majority of bosses, emberwake is not clearspeed-one-shot-everything, its a bosskiller that trivialize a lot of them, you dont need prolif for additional aoe, because you bombard whole sections back to the big bang Flameblast is one single strong hit that roots you, firestorm is a gazillion hits that burn something while you wiggle around, my build had just enough defense to avoid oneshots And prolifs have not been the way to go In other words, you expected a flameblast prolif build, and did not play for emberwake one last thought to this, firestorm is an saturation bombardment, flameblast is just a moab"
"He's just playing an antagonistic role to hype his fights, he's not actually an asshole"
it was on the prev patch :3
This is going to be a bubble of massive proportions when these gens get to retirement.
Relevant username.
"So, in other words, he REPENTED and you need to get behind a living prophet and embrace forgiveness."
"I am sure his love can ""cure"" her of those pesky gay feels."
"The pad thing, I don't see being real, the band's however seem very plausable."
They have perfected telekinesis?
Abuse them too much and the effects are irreversible (Andreas Krieger)
I'm not even mad.
"Hey, you're alright, too!"
Christensen has been playing great for Gldbach
You guys still paying Bonilla?
So that would be a... trinity of films
Malygos is the quintessential one for me.
You forgot the
You ever see a rabbit with glasses?
"To be fair, we spotted them 17 points AND didn't run any meaningful offense until the 4th quarter."
"How is punishing other redditors ""standing up for yourself"""
That brown is a little too purply for me.
so doesn't context
"Yeah, because living in Mexico is worse than slavery and abuse."
"UPDATE: I'll be at Helium on July 29th (Wednesday), working on booking some other shows."
"So then, tell me when these outlets have been unfairly negative in a review about a AMD product."
Only someone with no morals like Stephen would steal Savage's clothes like that.
"Going through life knowing there is an afterlife would be great, I could probably sleep at night"
Mettaton spinoff rhythm game pls.
flair checks out
"Thanks, but I got the idea from someone else."
That's not how diplomacy works.
Probably want subway and Usaa stop giving him money
"Because liberal = democrat, duh."
She has a fairly masculine personality that isn't much of a turn on if you're into femininity.
Felt like saying this to every liberal this week..
"No idea where you get 5 years from, because you get until the child's first birthday (JSA6 exemption), speaking from past experience."
WHY ARE YOU SUPPORTING THE WAR ON CHRIST
"Bring moisturizer, roger."
one betel addiction later
"No, there will be ways to obtain equally powerful gear through pvp"
The Love Shack by the B-52's sprung into my mind as 'mis-heard' lyrics ...
Wolf confirmed
Or
HahahahHahaha
I'll just take a little swig out of the bottle instead
"I was in marching band, it's typically not super physically taxing because you stop and start a lot, but you still end up walking a lot to and from places in the show as well as the actual run-through."
How is it not a nerf?
The stove?
"He also forgot to mention he played for the Flyers, the gooniest of goons"
"So, uh, he'll be good for the bowl game then, right?"
But why does it matter... The hat does essentially nothing...
Its faster than his McLaren.
Actually they were 75 gold not priceless
"Shut your fucking face, uncle fuckah!"
I know that when I'm around police I feel more uncomfortable and unsafe then I do around criminal and thug types when I'm out in shitty neighbor hoods doing pest control.
"Maybe that's been their plan all along, so they don't have to take any calls"
honestly I think collections of his songs are more cohesive than a lot of great albums but I agree with you
nah man design a play where your center gets shit on every play and be successful all coaches do it
"Of course not, they outsource that kind of work....."
just like IRL
Id like to get in her chat...
Nailed it
aladeen*
It was also obvious feminist propaganda
This +1 Ive seen a few times that theyve done this
"In fairness, renting out the house your parents bought you, and downsizing to a sensible car and pocketing the difference is probably the most financially responsible way of mooching off your parents."
"Is there a legitimate source quote for marijuana legalization or is this just exaggeratively referencing his ""open to it"" position?"
You know complaining about women not fucking you is the reason why you're single.
A tonsil stone
"Well I guess if you aren't getting sick, it is probably fine then."
"that at least makes sense, sort of."
Retro
To protect the children of course
"Oh yeah, I can see that working out for him like it did with George Rose."
That's very fair.
"Yeah right, no redditor can go 3 days without their phone."
Wasn't Lawson out?
How about other relevant stories?
ITT: People who aren't thinking of the children.
Or you could just delete it from your 3DS.
You sure it's not just the fact that Chicago has strict gun laws?
Stupid sexy kids...
Lets be realistic here.
"The key is to replace them with unqualified ""teachers,"" not to get the real teachers to work better."
Oh well I guess they saw the error in their ways and will change now.
It's terrorist pride!
"You were obviously transfered to Kirin Tor, welcome back on Algalon."
"Yeah, because so far government services have made everything they control better..."
"But if we encourage for-profit lenders for high school, that'll create sooo many jobs at those lenders!"
"Or a drone-hunting unit, either the cops impounding unlicensed drones, corp-sec disabling/tracking illicit drone activities, or a new illgal extreme sport started by some kids documenting their exploits on a pirate trid-station."
Yes...
Dude metrothuggin is coming out in no time at all there's no way this one could get delayed.
But why would someone lie on the internet?
TIL...
Indeed no one said he had to take the 17.
"We get it, you vape."
"sammy pups have the best ears, they look like balls of cotton"
"But TANF, isn't that the program that welfare queens use to get their obamaphones?"
Yeah but load bearing vests are mean and scary looking
It's going to come out within the next week.
"If she gave you her Tumblr url, she did it for a reason."
I know god's real because the bible says he is
"Absolutely love the bass line in ""Long View"" by Green Day"
Your statement contains no facts.
"I don't know man, I don't think this sub could go a single day without posting this yet again."
"100% sure that is Largo,right,Tazer,or should I say Largo Johnson?"
As long as you drove home its fine!
"Yes, the fact that the Bucs got penalized 16 times is evidence that the refs were biased, not that the Bucs committed a lot of penalties that game"
Don't forget he was in a Nazi concentration camp as child!
Such a great second place effort.
and then no one would buy it and then you have no problem right!
None of my friends or people I meet even believe me when I tell them this movie exists
ESPN didn't even replay this too
My teams
But they ruined game of thrones
Rules page is currently protesting admins
"No, I believe it's: - State's rights - State's rights - State's rights - State's rights - State's rights Not necessarily in that order."
"Yeah, because everyone who trains in martial arts watches UFC"
Such a good song...only listen 100 more times to it on the radio before it gets boring!
Nope.
But trade wizards!
But then how are people going to argue that Solo affecting Powerplay isn't a completely asinine idea then?
but neckbeards are supposed to be good at vidya
If only we had some sort of electrical means of communication to let other drivers know if we in fact *are* or *are not* turning.
"So, the normal servers?"
I knew Cesaro in the main event was a bad news
"well you see, feminism is evil because AWALT and is a method for fooling betas into having hot sox with them and sex positivism is a promise of lots of sex if they accept feminism"
paul blart
"as long as you submitted it, it's fair game"
"Yeah furi, THD, and Fourzero were the only ini people"
ecksdee lololol dankmeme
Oh WOOT!
"YESS, THIS SUB IS MAKING A COMEBACK"
They knew you wanted to catch that train so they got rid of it!
"Shut up with all your reasonable assessments, this does nothing for the narrative that Benning shipped out a star."
Sometimes Sharia law doesn't sound so bad.
This.
They should edit out foreskin on penises too.
"Yeah, doncha know when you huff the chemicals in nail polish it alters your brain and makes you like men?"
"Yeah, because it has nothing to do with the overall global oil and gas economy whatsoever."
They do this by checking your phone's front camera to determine if you were paying attention to the ad or not.
No one wants to hear your logic here
Oh so you're cancer
"if they are as good as MK Dons, then we are in trouble!"
"He doesn't run at defenders, has limited passing ability"
"California sucks, stay away."
Dreamweaver is pretty awesome though.
It's posts like this that put people on lists for visiting boingboing!
Because obviously onslaught was opened as much as BFZ will be.
Or clone an army of superhumans and bring the wrath of a vengeful god down on all our heads
MINE IS 500 DID I WIN I AM VERYSMART BUT I'M TOO LAZY
But this guy isn't Kanye so how could they possibly be real?
"Because you know, democrats are soooo much better."
"Yeah, we haven't been able to do that at all."
"Apache Chief and Samurai aren't even real fucking characters, but I guess they're closer to real than any woman."
Kind of freaky too.
"im moving to iowa which is ABC, it boggles my mind as Im from south Louisiana which has very little between people and their booze"
Hurr
"I know, i need to reset my town now (I now know not to reload backups, Thats what caused it) if i hack ever again (i will) it will be just for money and furniture, the hack i use lets you destroy the river in your town, Im also going to keep reseting my town till its the best i can get one"
It's much better than 1.
But what about vietnam?
I thought of captain cox
How family court favors women.
&lt;3 Donnie
Scientists in Russia have developed a novel method for fighting cancer.
Why in the goddess's name did anyone downvote you?
"Frankly, I don't but am honestly shocked that they produced an article with this much substance."
"No Saber, no problem!"
What if I have goodish reasons for paying?
"As vezes, as vezes"
"Back in the day, people used to talk to each other."
Suddenly craving carpaccio.....
psh did you look at that landing?
Shots fired.
Yeah no it's about 50/50
"I'm the same way, I hunted for a few 5 rounders just for this reason."
how about: more ticket booths scrub all the piss from the stairwells
"FSU, doing everything possible to repair PR with the rest of CFB"
Who?
The same poll that was raided?
TL Note: keikaku means plan
Yet he was downvoted for an opinion (I'm not blaming you in case that wasn't clear) Thank goodness we can have political discussions on reddit!
Then you are becoming strong.
And here we see someone completely missing the point of the manga
Minecraft
"I'm gonna go out on a limb and guess that this ""prototype"" has liquid cooling."
THE GREATER GOOD
It's statements and attitudes like this why the majority of people hate the US.
How was that not PI?
"Don't blame the criminal, blame the laws!"
What's the point of anything in Trafalgar Square?
You can't swap out the second one unfortunately.
Creative!
"Define ""they""?"
"The biggest thing has been the backlash against the umpires, r/baseball basically exploded with everyone saying they got the call wrong."
Those F50's better have been damn cheap to buy them in that colourway.
"Wilt ""lol not Kristaps"" Chamberlain"
"Sounds like most government ""spending."""
Racist Nord!
"Let's make it Arkham Knight Batman willing to let Joker's wild side take over, then."
"Can't wait until next Monday, when I can read this same post for about the 4th Monday in a row."
Might as well not even exist.
I bet they taste the same as shrimps... always was curious to go on try them
"Asians were white that week, so the BLM people were technically attacked by all white people."
Find a different way to get attention.
The Pirates don't understand idioms!
You ever sell yours?
Dont worry this administration knows whats best for you.
I sure the left-wing trolls will be outraged by the deceptive tactics this man used to trick Governor Walker....the same way they were outraged by the tactics used in the Planned Parenthood videos.
Well we cant do anything about Tai Lopez &amp; we cant do anything about Toxicity :p
"Hmm-are they going to provide special medial care, education, and then adult housing for these children?"
You forgot the
"You have all of my up votes, because lately I've been feeling this way even more than usual."
Nice username
"Because mojang is probably a multi million dollar company now, and smaller indie devs are doing to no fucking problem, there's no reason *not* to do it and it would make people's lives a little easier but ok, you're right, why should they?"
Thank you!
"Sssh, no one cares about the truth or what Norwegians might think, there's xenophobic and racist hysteria to be had!"
"You have to pay for flexibility, this card is extremely flexible"
It's how you pronounce tongue when you don't have any teeth.
But... But... I want to be offended by this!
I guess we're all TRASH
"Nah he's too ""street"""
What's your gamertag?
So even though they appear to have disappeared from mytrezor if you open the wallet in Electrum the coins are there?
TIL: Only a God can hold hands with someone while masturbating.
Fuck that huge earthquake happens and you have to stop nid way through that sesh and you'll have the biggest blue balls ever.
Yeah just close the gates and all those boats will have to go back.
"Oh, and if the roof collapses you're dead, but cut a bunch of holes in it anyway"
It's not Politically Correct to.
actually what they are facing is tier 1 team too
Indeed he did
the globe vs flat math should only change the answer by a few thousands miles at most.
Hurrah for red tape crushing a novel business idea.
but guns r bad
I like Timmy trumpet because I was a brass player
It would be easier to believe that all of r/tumblrinaction has actual toucans that frequently escape their homes than to believe most stories posted here or on r/thathappened
"Bullshit, men can't say ""no"" Scott loved it."
"Sikit sikit blame unemployment, cliche ko ani ....heheh"
"I was riding my bicycle, hit a crack in the pavement and flipped over the handlebars."
I think he meant
"Because we need to give communism *one more try*, because somehow, we'll be the ones to get it right..."
"Both perfect saints, butter wouldn't melt in their mouths."
Name all of them Desire.
Yeah I don't know what everyone is complaining about...
He would have been a huge babyface if his body cooperated with him.
So flip stadiums and play books?
Shaved about an hour and a half off my best time.
god damn migrants!
I heard there are no good restaurants down that way.
*tips spaghetti strainer*
Very impressed by that clip of Maypul getting a fair into almost suicide
So the police likely got this one wrong (although none among us could be 100% sure) or at least definitely crossed the line in terms of conduct in this case... But what is the point behind this post?
I wonder if they have interns sending them out manually
"Wow, Reddit detectives are really on their game today, absolutely amazing deductions there."
Children's Muslims need the most help.
Too bad he's the president of baseball operations
Maybe you just frame everything as an attack without knowing it because you're on the internet too much.
Shocker
TIL you have to be this blatant to get away with not using a
rekt?
Because all that Russian gun pen buff was needed!
"While this is definitely a reasonable and safe stance, it is quite anthropogenic and I think what the other poster is getting at is that if we imagine the magnitude of leaps we've made scientifically in the last century and add another two or three of those onto where we are no, it's not difficult to conceive that interstellar travel could become possible."
upvoting because peenoy pride
"I SOOOOO want to pull the trigger on this for my 1520....but, I think I'm going to be patient, and wait until 2017 when ATT updates me"
Yeah that bit where Ashoka decapitates 4 Death Watch members is very childish
nice retort sir
"should've gone far post, HH"
"Because they are ""fair, balanced, and unafraid""."
Yeah activating a Hero Point and finding a Champion Tangeriff was so much fun!
"tbf, chilton was basically Senna"
All hail our new overlord: Queen naked mole-rat.
no shit
"That worked, was scrolling right"
"The best moment in Portal 2 was the moon scene at the end, and they included the same here within the first 10 minutes, so it has to be at least as good!"
Wow no spoiler tag?
WE DID IT REDDIT!
"They're too busy trying to figure out Houston's new deal, duh."
I thought this was Joe Dirt 2 for a second.
that is correct
Helmet tax!
And too fat fattie
The policemen feared for their lives!
"You sound like a left-wing, liberal hippie."
"No dude, its beacuase he is a true patriot who is excercising his 2nd Amendment rights while having his camera loaded and ready to fire."
And Danzou
"First of all, what are dollars dollars, and how does their value compare with US dollars?"
"Ah yes, trying to organize to have people try and meddle with someone's source of income based on very flimsy evidence and a gut feeling certainly isn't a witch hunt."
No.
Wow I've never seen this clip before
"Yeah, clearly just like Saddam and Kuwait, since Hizbullah has annexed the Zabadani area and claimed it a province of Lebanon"
"That's a man's bike, not one of 'em crotch rockets sunny boi."
What do you mean America isn't the only country in the world?
Welcome to Golf without limits
He dropped an
You forgot the
no digital printing
"Totally don't watch it, it's a huge ripoff of Phinneas and Ferb!"
"Aww thanks, you are a true patriot ;_;7"
You first.
"Yes, because collectivization is all that socialism is, and poor planning on the part of those mentioned governments makes the ideology defunct."
"don't you know, the government placed secret radars in the cacti to control your minds!"
noobs like you are the reason im stuck in brozne i shuold be challenjour if it wast for noob feeder grills gg
"Sorry, I should have added the"
terror
No we cant
This must be why all the top wildlife and sports photographers have gone mirrorless.
Pfff Slave I was with the wings on landing mode while flying... 1/10 not interested
When the guy has to stop every five minutes and ask if he has her continuing consent to fuck her brains out.
It's okay to be a dick to people who are *presumably* your age
"But I thought black people couldn't afford birth control, and that was a plot by the white man to keep them down."
"Yes, that's more than enough justification for a 10+ year war...."
But...but...TRADITION
I think you forgot the
They represent the elite rich white man and must be destroyed
"That's as aspirated steering rack, for cooling reasons."
It was the Lord's plan.
Something something autism.
So yo can store mounts and minions then?
y i wonder what fnatic thinks i bet they enjoy every moment of being hated by the community
"Crisis actors make mistakes, geeeesh"
"Because Tennessee is just full of hardcore Christian racist bigots, you certainly sound like someone who has spent a lot of time in the state"
Great repost from last month
But why wouldn't they want more cultural enrichment?
"I mean if it rotates one way and makes super hot updrafts, surely it works backwards right?"
"Yeah, that's way more important than the technological strides he's making."
Hecz is a powerful man
This season just keeps getting better
But I thought they dedicate the 4th of July every year to commemorating a mistake?
And got kicked from C9
But wait if they don't mention it then they don't cared about feedback and they're assholes for not listening to the community!
"Mate we have Nick Blackman, no winger in the country could force him out of our side!"
Got all my grades now.
"Guys, it's just a few bad apples."
that's exactly why we need to dismantle capitalism
"As long as you recognize that you're bad, that's enough."
That would be hilarious:)
"Cruel and inhumane that they didn't just pump you up with drugs and call you a disease, huh?"
...but could you give me like 10 more minutes before you log in?
Damn that was good.
"Nope, he went in as an Arizona Coyote"
Bravo.
r/Jontron's subreddit simulator is r/Jontron.
It's bugged right now op so you might want to steer clear of it till it works.
"Yeah man, Runescape is the most immersive game I've ever played"
Smakeloze opmerking
I love maps that you can fall off of!
Yeah I feel your mom's all the time.
Coca-Cola in Atlanta?
What's this?
highly
Santa Claus = Satan's Claw
So your solution is to give it more air time?
Bazooka Joe
I heard about that disease.
He is ponder
Yeah let's get rid of the 5 second inbound rule too
"Well, I mean, if he knows how to do a triple bypass then he wouldn't need the degree..."
Bob Costas right now on NBC NN: Pats are victims of the atmosphere of the league; get used to the name Jimmy Garoppolo
"When my future kids talk about Lebron Jr, Zaire Wade and Riley Curry tearing up the league Ill have to show them this to encapsulate how fucking dominant Steph is"
I hear they're planning to tear it down to build condos.
That's a better idea than just calling the nasty fucker out.
Explore the tetrapack option
"It was really boring cold calling local businesses to sell shoddy advertising, so I just surfed the internet for two weeks until she noticed I hadn't generated any leads and she fired me."
Don't forget h*gs; we don't want to ruin our childrens innocence.
Probably where he's going is just way more important than where you're going.
"No, blow me."
If only it were like the good old days right?
Looks like someone got the bes of you
"Week to week Day to day Hour to hour The gate is straight Deep and wide Break on through to the other side ...wait, what were we talking about?"
HD Tingle hype
"Great, I can see it now: Executive Action, stripping all LGBT equal rights and protections."
Something something ladder - Littlefinger
"We've shown you the hotspots, but now on to the clinics you'll need in the morning..."
It's a HUGE GOD DAMN ISSUE with Jehovah's witnesses
"I imagine laughing in Mexico sounds like ""jajajajajajajajajajajaja"""
"backup imprtant stuff, do a clean flash, restore your data"
"I have thus far avoided it, and I intend to keep it that way"
"Yea, fuck him!"
Happy (self-)pleasuring!
Apparently :\^) is not a good substitute for
"I'm not the commenter you're responding to, but I'm American and I've had the same experience - my guy friends and I definitely share more intimate details about people we're dating."
Dude that's so gay tho
Aldnoah Zero second season.
He was trying to say that the mood in good and he told this story (he pretty much just said that)
HEY EVERYBODY DARTH MAUL IS BACK FROM THE DEAD AND KILLS EVERYBPDY AND THEN JAR JAR IS KING OF EARTH THEN MICHAL BAY GOES BOOM BOOM AND THEN the end.
It has not.
One.
Spurs didn't have a shot creator their offense didn't work
Bro learn to not be a raging faggot weeb.
877
That's what a greedy publisher/devs will do to a game.
That's not too bad a turnout really all things considered.
state government is now funded by drug cartel
And venomous :D
What brand flavors?
I agree...if you're a seven year old at a birthday party.
I know right?
Yeah penises are hella unattractive
But AW will inherently have more skilled players cause they don't hate their player base
*magick*
your post has been removed for the following reason: * this is a frequent repost
He got Bin Laden
Grabbitz - shittin out eps (original mix)
"Paying money to blow people up (USA) or pay for all the welfare and cultural enrichment (Europe) is far more important, cis shitlord"
So you did it in private?
Well you shouldn't have broken his leg in the first place
2YR $1.8M (900k hit)
But it doesn't count because they have only changed leadership once.
"Ya but like, I bet you can't step out of your house and walk to a coffee shop in a minute."
You mean you're not going to sign up for DraftKings or FanDuel?
What?
More like the worst Community Manager ever -Internet Box Podcast
But this is nothing compared to how Muslims are treated in the US.
RIP passengers
It was definitely when Beyonce got snubbed for Taylor Swift!
How...enlightened of you.
That awkward moment of Chris looking upstairs at Alicia randomly slipping the strap of her dress off was truly necessary
"It's a Civic, does it even need anything stronger?"
Ink Mine the spawn point and watch them get pissed for constantly dying after just respawning Mwahahahahaha ^^^^^What's ^^^^^wrong ^^^^^with ^^^^^me
He just keeps winning...
Tbh we considered it a happy ending because we'd never have to see her again...
Well crossdressing is confirmed so we can logically presume that the Institute will have options to transition to a new gender.
Hasiktir ordan!
Tree Style Tabs
Yo but Asmodeus from Redwall anyone?
nailed it buddy lmao
"Of course it will be, because it's only used by hackers and criminals ... just like bit torrent."
"Yeah, if Alex Rodriguez ditched his contract, joined the NFL, and threw for 500+ yards there would be a lot of media coverage for that He was a third baseman, his throw must be pretty decent"
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
I bet he doesn't try
"Yeah, I'm sure the Lord doesn't really care if we obey those outdated, untrendy doctrines like His Ten Commandments or anything"
Can't wait for all the facebookers to pick up on this and say its from the aliens that built that superstructure discovered recently.
But... you're TKE... Not having another ASU-style MLK Party?
"When Thorin does it it's banter, but if freak does it he's just a salty loser."
"Yes, because people totally mean everything that they say on the internet"
oh and the sony xperia z5
"ah yes, no hypocrisy here."
We deserve it because of that sticker on the van in Baltimore.
M wants to see you about breaking the Official Secrets Act
"One thing's for sure, her weight is definitely not due to underestimating portion sizes."
"Not to excuse him, but someone who had been rejected A LOT"
"good thing mods are removing the posts, so nobody actually knows if it is a serverside problem or an intern one."
"And if you lie about it, like the time when they joined EU, this is what happens."
What a helpful suggestion.
As opposed to bernie sanders who's completely rational
"That guy from GTA III, man, he doesn't even speak or anything."
"Of course you getting downvoted, opinions are not allowed on the internet!"
Haha yeah only white people do this
I was keeping my fingers crossed for Rebecca &amp; Onrico.
"My god, it's almost like women are people."
"Yeah, he did a great job acting as if he really went to the moon"
When will the white community do something about all the violence?
123 thanks for doing this op :d
oh
"Yeah, it's *much* better to shoot someone dead than lose your iPod."
Wait is this the satire news network for CS:GO?
If it looks like a duck and it sounds like a duck...
It's always best to cover up lies with more lies.
"Well, first off, you definitely gotta install a raising kit, and spinners, and a three level spoiler, then you add ground effects and a fart can..."
Nah bro everything we don't know how to handle ourselves is automatically a shit test
Typical James Harden....snaps his head back trying to draw the foul even after he posterized Aron Baynes
Buy Office
"But, did you find any golden dinosaurs?"
"Right, because a review on the available content on the first day will be reflective of our experience forever."
Wow philly fans dislike their rival what scumbags
"I think it would be harder, because we would vomit every 5 seconds."
Because the 90% of illegal immigrants are men?
"So not only was WoW the first MMO, it also had the first Garrison system ever?"
"What, don't wanna see Wade chucking up more 3's this season?"
"Damn, they really took not reaching the subscriber goal hard"
I'll go for you !
I'd take JJ watt for him
No we don't you fucking dickhead.
I too find it super hard to concentrate in both love and work at the same time I wonder how adults deals with life.
Bicycles can have steering wheels
It's a little frustrating and exciting to know that the writers are getting rich while someone on a forum on Reddit has infinitely better ideas.
Cause he is totally a real socialist and not just another liberal
burncream.jpg
Just exploding bread tovarish)))))))
And that's when I noticed he was a 20 foot tall monster from the Paeleolithic Era.
But only dirty whoooores wear red lipstick.
I'm not going to believe this until I see what Alex Jones has to say about this.
It's the mercury that gets you fat not extra calories
"Yes, the fact that she did drugs was what caused everyone to ignore her while she was giving birth."
There is nothing silly in this question since there is no clear indication of the game name in the animation or title of the post.
I want to believe.
It definitely should negate it completely.
"After adding the repo, there is no theme inside?"
Then you just ask mom.
someone summon that one Rioter that loves bard chimes please.
mine know the sound of the thin plastic produce bags.
Just like my... bike?
"yeah, I meant to say that it shouldn't replace all pick."
Would you be my datemate?
But.. But.. The dogwhisperer said they are a peaceful species.
I like this theory.
"That's all in line with a capitalist economy, one in which the capital is owned privately."
Annual salary / 12 months
The point of this sub is that they are supposed to *not* be named
yeah state owned media companies in states notorious for using state owned media companies as propaganda outlets are definitely not propaganda when they quote the officials who control those media companies.
But if you're going to play blind pick why not play Team Builder?
"This conundrum could be solved if people had a ""No Candidate"" section in the polls, so you could still vote even if you didn't like any of the potential candidates."
"Lol, im still not racist :D And your conclusions are weird as fuck..."
*countries economies do not work like homes
Its a Hybrid Spelldamage mod he can craft 40% spell damage on top of it with Cata.
They were just informing the motorcyclist that he's supposed to stop ***before*** the crosswalk.
Now maybe the BLM folks will get off their butts and organize for Sanders instead of throwing tantrums and attacking him at town halls.
So he was pretty much another incarnation case?
Lebatard
It could also haunt the Cardinals if they all die on the next play!
"Haha, you forgot to put an"
Or give everyone a max cape.
Thank you.
Never underestimate the power to light some~~one~~thing on fire.
I think the point is OP doesnt care what she does
"But at least it's still faster than the Mclaren, amirite?"
Because he's a selfless hero obviously.
OR GREGS
whoa taking reddit this seriously huh?
Well meme'd my friend.
"Don't worry, I'm sure you'd use at least 15 lbs of that before it all becomes freezer burned."
"The book tracks account wide, not character."
Dat Silver crosshair placement though... Maybe aim more to the ground next time and you will reach Global
Me...
Sure buddy.
pictures?
considering the condition of hair at birth it probably *stimulate* hair growth.
He means if the speech wheel is in the game he's going to pirate it and not pay for it.
"Also, many students are debt free due to coop and don't have loans (even those without parental assistance)"
Teh qicuk bworn oxf jpmus oevr hte lzay odg
a 50 second cd glyph makes it sound stronger
I'm sure that the store will be suffering from not hiring this special white snowflake.
That's done by robots.
philly has a lot of blacks....
Wow such 1337 hackers to be able to DDoS a server because obviously it is so hard.
They always endorse Democratic candidates and they make their top priority opposing Republicans (which in practice means nothing beyond electing more Democrats)
"Every account on Reddit is a bot, except you."
best moment
Dont worry ancient akavir will have katanas
"If there was a unique with these stats, people would be using it lol"
"I like it, therefore discussing any possible flaw is a personal attack on me."
I had no idea so many people cared so much about their homeless veterans.
I think the state of vision and true sight is just purrfect.
well jews don't celebrate christmas so it cant be real.
"He dreams of joes buttery nut in his mouth, that's all."
Proof that drugs are bad.
That's my favourite anime
H0R0 was the shining light on the shit show called MYM
"However, Sarah Palin sees no issue with stating the truth."
"Come on man, iFunny is known for its comedic OC."
I can't believe it.
Kinda reminds me of the dark side ending of KotOR
Much of the fresh water that spills into the oceans is caused by left wing scientists who push the hoax theory of gravity into the political theater.
I guess workplace shootings make more sense now.
What?
I thought we were getting the left overs of our pay checks...
but it's wirelessssss......(said in whiny tone)
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeew Pocket Edition
I only clicked on this because I was about to call PETA
But but but planned obsolescence
You only need to open 2 tabs in Chrome to use it all
"Run normally on dx11, the same issues when ran on touch, and won't run on dx9 for can't install that for obvious reasons"
I *guess* I'll settle for him
"Yeah, they really are Mini-mizing the expenses."
Because other people *really* need to judge the commenter by their looks in order to validate their answer.
"Hypocrisy runs wild all over Reddit, but it's also true that some subs are circle-jerkier than others."
You forgot this:
Hahahahahahaha racist people are funny
Isn't socialism grand?
"If the grandparents didn't want to be genocided, they shouldn't have been born genetically inferior"
B-but the title of the episode.
I wish everyone were that responsible.
"It is not that uncommon to have the most talented and promising player of the second team in your squad on the last match day with a practically meaningless game, is it?"
\#manspreading
Already did.
"They were *step*siblings, so it's totally justified"
Don't forget world beater Landry GOAT Jones
I dropped my
"Ooh, that's harsh."
no
But I can't reach the top left screen with my thumb!
You all left out the
But are they planet-sized?
Eating in moderation is STUPID
Yeah you are so good you rekt those mgs.. obligatory
This is a reasonable opinion.
Credit card companies and banks share customer credit scores with each other
"I... I never thought about it like that, genuine dumb moment :s"
"Yeah, they make those, they're called digital consoles."
Your girl was asking for it
It worked in Saw...
"We had challenge coins made with some symbols significant to the department on either side, and of course the dates of the academy so we would never forget the best 6 months of our lives"
But...we were a nation founded on chrisitianity?
Lmfao look at this noob putting metal on metal.
"Because even with the new legislation, it definitely won't be exploited"
"DMT proves afterlife, confirmed."
But but but... Al Gore is a Dem so he must be lying!
"Yeah it would be perfect for those who don't care/want to drive, leaves the road safer for those who actually like to drive."
"Oh wow, I never thought I'd see a Bush is like Hitler comment on Reddit"
NOOO...She's a gold digger.
I'll make a man out of you is one of the best Disney songs.
Filthy casual
why would you do this
"Damn, guess I'm just gonna have to vote for Trump now."
"Yeah, what kind of country has hang ups about foreign powers that overthrew their elected government and installed a dictatorship to prevent nationalisation of their own resources."
You must be fun to live with.
great
"Game of Thrones must have introduced those archetypes, nothing comparable to this existed in the 2000 years of literature and fiction before."
Did that article really have to be 6 pages?
"fast schon professionell, wie die Email-Adresse aus der Aufnahme geschnitten wurde."
"Clearly your bother should have just been born to richer parents who paid for everything, making him a total slacker and not to be pitied."
"If they only bomb Berlin, I'm sure a lot of Germans in the South and the West would look the other way."
"Well thats the selling point, i mean if you pay more for something its better right guys?"
"If only we could harness the power of the cloud.. Well, I'm gonna go buy an Xbox now."
Somehow he's guilty of attempted murder after emptying a pistol's 17 round mag at the police...
pls respond
The knife was planted as a reason for the violence though
or yes lol ;) kairinezz X freddy is coming.......
"What a crappy graphics card, so much clipping"
I wish everyone was as much as a depressive cynical ass as me :(
But the owners can't afford it!
arion blow exxxplode
But if we sign Pogba when will our youth play?
Thought he won 4k in skins
rape culture
Yeah because links are great and we need them in more places.
He referred to the Israeli-Palestinian situation as apartheid.
Lingo
"Wait, they can't just have her deliver in the clubhouse?"
fuck off you temporary tattoo getting cunt i forgot the
yes because that's the message i was trying to convey.
"Kill your Xbox or PlayStation ""Wii-like gaming capabilities"" Because everyone knows the Wii is the best selling console of all time"
What's wrong with 32/11 time signature?
"Hell, you could have been an abolitionist and still been racist... just less so than the slavers."
Unless you get to Yongsan and realize that on-post internet service is capped at 3mb...with speeds barely ever reaching that.
Just your typical lunch at the MU...
Probably not on all on your main toon
**#LIZARDLIVESMATTER**
It's a joke komrade
I think he is saying he is done at the school all together I think.
My baldness
You can't explain 'em!
Murricagate.
SoonTM
It would not it make a difference if they were
Poly Bridge
"also they cut away from the book so we never saw it, take that people who tried to take advantage of her 5mins of fame!"
Wish he could catch a ball.
And for dosing you'll be fine too just start off with smaller doses of course.
"yep, that's what I was trying to say.- ty"
Is kill ?
Because they're too fucking lazy to rework the animation system as a whole.
and they be getting down with no delay
"villains are gonna look badass, especially the final one"
"These parents and ""doctors"" - I use those terms loosely - are quite possibly the worst people on earth... For fucks sakes these are tiny children."
"So, what you're telling me is, Agent Cody Banks was the better movie."
"When you use them to generalize something which expands beyond your experience, no your opinions don't mean much of dick"
Ya ya
"I don't understand this, news do the same, taking tweets with barely any re-tweets or favorites and put them on a spotlight.."
Not anymore.
*That sounds like Communism*
"Don't know if you know, but you posted that comment twice."
"Anything that prompts debate and discussion, usually."
"Get back to work, Derek."
Take a chill pill Kid....
TIL not everyone has under cabinet vacuum system.
"Yeah, would love to see how a cut-down A5 from 2011 runs tvOS."
Definitely both
"it's a great trick to pull once, then you just take his back when he starts to spin..."
*holds out hand*
We love you Gophers!
"Flood's on the hot seat, isn't he?"
Crazy people.
Yeah well you're welcome for like...Kendall Graveman and Danny V and stuff.
"Yeah, it's not like the characters, or the performances, or the visuals, or the music, or the sound design, or the editing, or any of that could make up for it... TFA sucks lol"
Sky orb
"I just started playing again recently, I've noticed that there isn't much incentive to talk to other people at lower levels, but by the time you hit dungeons pvp and wvw people are normally pretty willing to help, especially with dungeons (something about not wanting to fail the mission brings out people's inner teacher in this game instead of their inner Stalin)."
It has more movespeed than shiv Boom headshot
Good luck lol
Classic Old Man Riverwater
You are wrong!
Don't Vaal anything that you aren't willing to brick.
Title gore.
Obviously it's THE LA Muslim community.
Can't argue with that.
You at least need to by some beat synching software!
"The main problem is that it eventually needs to be moved, sure not for a while, but I guess I just like a ""Fire and forget"" solution."
Well that would explain why I had no idea.
Somebody managed to fuck up his joke some posts above by shopping in the apple on the wrong side.
You mean like Ben did this year?
Realistically they'll probably just do another IC title ladder match and he'll probably be in it
"The two things you literally just mentioned, banning handguns and an increase in murders."
RIP Hype
"Of course, they hold themselves to a higher standard than the ones they protect and serve"
Still waiting on my free beer with Sammy Watkins...
You forgot the
"[the final area of the game (XBC) confirms it was earth, but it could well have been a different version of earth]"
If you put in enough niceness coins sex should come out.
Is that a fucking pun?
"But dude we lack teh leadership skillz and have no souls, everybody knows that!"
It's because they think they are on a racetrack and reeeeally want to clip that apex
"Rule #2 - it's especially impolite to call somebody ""retarded"" if they actually are retarded."
"If I was a BJP outdoors marketing manager, I would spam Delhi with this photo and put this just besides the AAP poster."
2^2 x 2273 = 9092
OP surely will deliver.
The esteemed Arnold Palmer!
"Wax goes on the bottom, it makes you go faster."
"I always thought it was pheasant, because they're small birds"
Booooty tooown
Since when did r/exmormon become Grindr?
Well then.
So is money
Aren't we all?
"protip: Calling someone out as a troll brings more scrutiny to you first, so keep that in mind; john q blockchain."
Rising Sun is very honest and has been in Austin for decades.
PM ME.
I love my next day delivery that is guaranteed to now come at 7PM instead of DPD's morning deliveries despite ordering the morning before.
Beat*
"Yay, now I can call his lack of maps fascism."
But...I'm the best ever
Sounds like chicago public school teaching
If we take the money from rich people and give it to the poor people then everyone will be richer
You cut out the bit where he speeds out and lets her go on a gravel covered downhill road where she's turned into a long pink streak of ground human.
I may be ready for Saturday as im getting ttk today
How does one dip beans and rice into peanut butter?
"Haha, yes."
"I'm just gonna find a rich girlfriend to have her daddy love me and pay it off, plenty of them here"
What would happen if I paid off my student loan with another commercial loan and then declared bankruptcy?
Why don't you just win the custom then ?
#DAE JAIME IS MELTING DOWN?
"there is a undertone that the jays are ""only"" going for it because they are trying to end a playoff drought whereas ye olde yankees didn't go for it because they apparently make the playoffs every year."
He has great character
Damn I'm in the matrix
did you forget a
I think I will try out this elite strategy next time I am jester
Rule 1
Go ask the backers of this game that made this game possible if it's okay with them.
Forgot everything that improves you also has to entertain you.
Look at the end of the day what is important to NZer's are fishing quota's and the flag
Ahh the side of the community that makes it what it is.
I thought iranians were wonderful people and that the evil western media had made me think bad about them?
It is surprising how Hawaii continues to defy the odds with all these storms.....
"Yea that's me, you must be one of those that thinks equality is paying for them to be there or ignoring that area because poor people live there."
Only McDonalds in a suburb is that cheap here (Seattle).
Well obviously we know the rebels lost on this map
Yea well didn't see this coming.
But the automatic system is flawless and shouldn't be doubted
"OP get a loupe, we can't see anything without trichomes!"
"Yeah man, but everybody knows that games are easy as pie to make and should not have any bugs."
"Nah, but I can update it if you want to VP (CT) 5-4 (T) TSM"
little do people know is when you run BGH Doctor boom's battlecry also makes you draw BGH next turn.
You shouldn't have high school on your resume still.
I'll never forget.
"not really, not enough room on the paper to draw all that *ow ow stop hitting*"
"well since we know more then you about this, of course"
"Yeah, immigrants are always the ones smuggling in all the weapons and raping out women."
I think you forgot
Well we did have that congressman bring a snowball into congress proving global warming is a hoax so we're all safe.
I have no info on that.
"Wow, I know some people hated MLS, but I didn't know people wanted it to be destroyed :("
"Yeah, pls buff Fizz"
I'm so excited to not be able to get it and end up buying it on Amazon for $20 more.
"The price of health insurance rose and it's included in your benefits package, so in a way you did get a raise!"
You should know by now that if the anime has a 'harem' tag it automatically means that the protagonist will either be a bland overpowered self-insert character or a shy bland self-insert character.
Fuck you
"Yeah, I'm sure people are prosecuted for that all the fucking time."
Women should only get haircuts men approve of and find sexy
Yeah I'm sure the army of math and cryptography phds at the NSA won't be able to work around this in no time.
Hilarious
"Wait, we played football in '99?"
...and then sell their data mining to the highest bidder.
But how will I then place calls on my redundant home phone?
"But asking out guys is so easy as a woman, women should always make the first move because they never get rejected!"
DON'T YOU KNOW THAT SOCIETY MAKES YOU BUY EVERYTHING YOU SEE ADVERTISEMENTS FOR... BRB BUYING TAMPONS AS A GUY.
"Everyone is given the same tempo mage deck, When your minions die put a random banana in your hand."
Such an elite master race that less than 2% of the people use it
it's great to casue it invalidates all of those stealth based trickster powers
I thought nades were removed from tf2
That introduction wasn't patronizing at all!
Bu Bu But isn't America the whole world?
Because the bush dynasty would be so much better...
"Oh no... Loading screens, whatever will we do?"
yeah but he's only trying to walk or home run bro so you cant use walks as an example of his unselfishness
Yes.
And not all people who can have babies have vaginas!
"Absolutely, teams that win the international and make roster changes are not fit to compete"
Good thing that Riot has made crit less RNG
"brb, making alt"
"Yeah man, did you not use it pre-patch?"
Isn't there something we can be hopelessly negative about with this?
"Yea, it would absolutely be much better for her to be around a guy who resents her mother for the things mom's done to him."
Nope retired!
"AH, the old, ""well, it is if it isn't, but if it was, it is"" argument."
"Nothing says ""Do nothing bitch"" better than modeling for an advertisement of a fast food chain, right?"
Chicago
But dragon.
It's the toxoplasmosis controlling our brains!
Nothing beats Nascar 08 on Xbox
I know right police in America should emulate brazilians look how well that worked out for them
Probably to stop and save an elderly white couple from some savage crack dealing thug.
"I think the obvious question we should be asking is, ""what did the husband do to make her act like this?"""
"We should be paying Arteezy $160m to 1v1 Ferrari_430, clearly."
Obviously CP3's buzzer beater 3 and game winning layup were planned
Totally ruins a classy looking car.
"It's not a hate crime, the perpetrator is black."
I'm guessing it's because you're still struggling with the choice of whether to be straight or gay.
"Yup, just another privilege us men have here in America"
You dropped this:
You mean you don't have a third property in Arizona or Montana?
"This can't possibly be true because racism doesn't exist, especially systematic racism in our judicial system from the top down!"
"but 1 click memes are, like, a human right typical fundie scum right here"
Surprised you're sober enough to type
he must be battling demons.....
I assume to be played only when the car was parked.
I use a tackle box.
Something in an unlabeled bottle...tastes alright.
* Roman nose * Overgrown toe nails * Furry Legs
"It may be scummy, but if you check the stats of teammates and enemies before the game, and think your teammates will screw you over with that knowledge then just leave and find a new lobby."
MY MAN
I'd like to see a similar situation but with Annie at some point too since I'm curious what her reaction would be.
Hurr Hurr we are spending our husbands money for bums and feel like let heros.
"Woohoo, PM me and let me know what you're looking to sell them for!"
Aaaaaaand just queued like 100 movies..... Should go good with the other 2000+ And last until they solution this problem.
Janice Ian from Mean Girls?
Wait for the numbers on that Drake breakfast club interview if and when it happens.
Be careful it might go super critical
As opposed to Normandy which is still in open rebellion
"This is exactly why I hate the low accuracy moves, because I know for sure that they'll fail me when I need them most."
It will let her cry martyr and probably raise enough money to live off of for years.
Stop upvoting them :(
looks like the dog has a fivehead
yes
How was he killed?
What are your plans for Christmas?
We don't talk about cscz.
"Artists, engineers, workplaces that need a big nice looking screen with apps that work well on with which they can design their products."
Human *and* Divine sacrifice.
Now thats a tayne i can get into
I cant believe the DMV would let something like this slip.
"Don't worry, as long as you aren't near them you'll be fine."
Dead money is almost cinematic in its storytelling.
There is no Praxis for CS/IT.
Just like old times
"I haven't used a box cutter in many months, not really that necessary really."
Dawww!
r/titlegore
Because they're rolling in profits as it is.
NA igl
those alt accounts bruh
I guess you weren't aware that I also did a joke.
It's good to show contempt for your female audience.
*cough* Cavs
But He Worked Hard On It It's Just Minecraft Lego FNaF!
noah did u throw arnies at green light?
Fold a piece of paper in half 7 times
"I do, but I'm only looking for high leveled Marco friends atm :/"
East Sweden.
"Don't worry, war is good for the economy"
Your nan actually was telling you some lyric on their new album
"So, he's going to trick the Lannisters out of Casterly Rock and take it for himself?"
This isn't creepy at all.
Zet up in here finally.
What do YOU mean *YOU people*?
needs more weapons
Sad when I have to literally write
Because money?
* Upvoted for TPB meme * Down voted for incorrect word in the title Come on anon you're better than that!
BUT THAT IS RAPE!
Good place to start with the pain:)
My disappointment when I realized the thumbnail was something to remove unsightly body hair and not something to eat...
"But fam, eve is real doe"
Well fuck
Start lifting and get big af
"Before you hump, wrap your stump."
"This may be an odd choice cause of the artist, but YG's Sorry Momma."
Well now at least you have something to do between seasons 3 and 4 now!
I'm on hold with customer service......for the last 2o minutes
Here we go.
I see nothing new they do this in NA servers also.
I believe Baker Grade is also a big testing ground for engine cooling.
Picking a winner
Someone bought my rams gift for 148k lol I can give you walter jones as collateral
No need to -Flusha
yeah it's a stupid pun on EE
Don't forget the religious channels!
Not enough guts to do it without a disclaimer ;)
"I'm not sure, ask a google engineer that works on ReCaptcha haha"
You shut your whore mouth!
Beb Jush.
There's a conspiracy theory about that: after Holocaust the Jewish doctors started to advocate circumcision to make sure the possible future Huns couldn't tell a Jew from a gentile just by looking at their dicks...
Thpeed.
When you're sold flubromazolam instead of LSD #Just12YearOldThings
is it 2gb per 1 stick?
Both parties are the same
Yes this is exactly the same situation.
"This isn't the way it is, and thankfully this point of view is dying out with old age."
I give my dog treats and lots of attention every time it buries my children while they sleep.
I used vaporize so that I wouldn't oppress the horribly underrepresented fluid-kin
The current meta is 5 support.
Please tell me you submitted this masterpiece to supercell
Well then he must be a WHITE black.
3
"I actually tried this, but it didn't make any difference :("
Blame Christianity.
"I guess there are no municipal, provincial, national, or global issues that deserve our attention more than this."
You forgot your
"Wow, Tunisia sure sounds like a shithole of a place"
Maybe he'll be getting too old then.
Costa egged them on
Thx pleb
Now you tell me!
"He appreciates your question, but he cannot answer it at this time."
Ottomans FTW
and the cool logo
But does he solder his CPUs?
"Useful statement, this sure will help everyone a lot on this subreddit."
"Yes, the subjugation of women and reactions to members of the LGTBQ community are completely comparable in number"
Their squad is not correlated with their group position at all.
"Pfft, it's only a couple numbers."
Everyone here loves doing your job / school assignment for you.
Seems reasonable
well how would he know you weren't lying to him
He probably got aroused after winning penalties xD
Well it obviously helped look how good ya turned out.
"Ah thanks, guess I can't blame Dubya for that one then."
It's a bummer I can't think of any puns right now.
If you've done that Crucible quest line 3 times then you have bigger problems I think...
ITT: Looking for yes answers...
"People picked up the slack in preparation for Marilyn Manson's new album, ""*Eat Me, Drink Me*"" to be released in 2007."
well she did have a hard time holding that hors d'ouvers tray
"the realities if Teen Wolf was gay, instead of just homoerotic gay bait... Teen Pomeranian."
Got a problem with decentralized peer to peer moderation?
"Oh right, when she forgets why Iraq became a theatre of war, all she had to do is [bleep bloop] check her decades' old emails for answers."
I am outraged
"I'm not saying the government should censor him, I'm petitioning private corporations to remove their support, which is well within my right to do and well within their rights to do or not do."
We need to arm all our school teachers with swords and halberds this instant.
My roommate is Mexican and uses Android Pay at most of the places I use it.
more like best cal
I'm glad these hardened criminals are off the street.
And the stupid normie SLUTS with internalized-misogyny who give the cis males their families!
yay smd soldering
"Yeah, it sucks that Jon Stewart's dead."
found the leaver
Tire and rim look like they're still good.
Messi of course!
"I use Wifi calling on EE and I don't seem to get that problem, my issue is if the wireless drops, the call does, rather than switch to 4G."
Omg no you'll have to sell your house in order to afford to maintain it!
They also fund mass murder but we have roads so no biggie
I guess you need to start listening to better music then.
LUCKY they could afford good solicitors
#autismmasterrace
On Women Laughing Alone With Salad.
"Here, I think somebody dropped this:"
"Your right, we have just as much to gain as your vastly larger economy and population has..."
I bet you've got tons of data to back that up
He then charged the interviewer 1 million dollars for his fleeting performance.
nobody wants the overrated QB.
Note how neither one mentions LeBron in their top 5
That name is most appropriate for what you've said
They're just making sure no one confuses her with all those male journalists named Kristen...
City of Brotherly Love
"Yeah, it's the panel of impartial citizens that's the problem."
I think ugly people are disgusting and shouldn't be allowed in public
But the fees are for public protection!
Replace it bro.
"- Getting used to Linux, I've wanted to learn it for a while - Programming - Bit of gaming - Most of my tasks, except gaming, because DX12 (I know there's no DX12 games yet, though) - I'm paranoid, so security stuff in Win10 makes me want to use it for nothing except gaming while I wait for things to clear up on the security issues, and I have a chance to knuckle down and get it suited to my needs."
Good thing the mods enforce those sub rules.
so cringy.....
"My seductive look, duh!"
Classic sountrack pre-order bonus confimed!
Knowing some people both can be true same time.
Inflation dude
"You mean ""showing dedication""?"
Just talk business with everyone who calls and youll be fine
You clickbaiter son of a bitch!
"This is why I disagree with the bo5 format, it doesn't truly show how well teams could adapt between games, if it was a bo7, it would have been tsm 4:3 if they figured out not to let pobelter on Viktor in tthat fourth game"
"Yea, shit with purple and green stats respectively."
But it's such a funny meme!
"Also, eliminate the word ""cabbage"", as long as we're arbitrarily deciding what words sound stupid."
"Not having to worry about losing my job, being able to pay my bills, nothing major or anything."
"Yeah, I would also prefer maps that hinder movement"
Tennessee represent!
quite insightful discussion
just give an ability to precision aura that when active all ranged allies gain true strike
Without the aid of computers.
"Yep, Saint Peter's Lutheran Church in Midtown Manhattan (under the Citigroup building)"
...but have you changed your clock yet?
Do you have full maintenance records?
*cricket sounds*
Dates and citations would be awesome!
Bloody hell...
Thank you!
First tell us why you are in pakistan.
Knowing is half the battle ;)
Yeah friend and I had the prediction that Kylo was a solo twin.
You've only got one name?
I don't doubt you- thank you for the explanation!
Harry hater is the viral sensation the world deserves.
robin for $40 seems more legit than $40 megaman...
Never get high on your own supply
just use freepie and the workaround sheesh
Kansas City has one now.
Yeah nobody voted for shitty politicians in Europe.
When I worked at a non-profit I was drug tested.
I feel thinking things through isn't one of his strengths
The Courier's 3A (335MJ) shield is actually stronger than a Clipper's 7A (306MJ).
"There are plenty of adults who should seek out info about autism, as they could be outside of that period of time where they wouldn't have been diagnosed(ie, now)."
"They can only raise rates if you let them - either by trusting free market forces as some regions have done, or by regulators allowing it."
"It's so expected, I almost have to feign excitement"
"I SHALL NOT FEAR, FEAR IS THE MIND KILLER."
"Is the difference between the 280 and the 280x that big coz i can run most games so close to ultra (cod aw, shadow of mordor) at 60 fps"
What's with all these old shows and movies copying Archer?
"Hey kootchi knows the glory of vibrations, just not sure how it helps men"
Condenser to make water and right into the waste water line for the washer right next to it?
Interesting... There is a person in the demon as well calling that person the demons inner demon?
Oh snap I beat him
Y
"But Kai wears a racing suit some times, and really nice shirts other times, that must make up for something"
:(
"And I mean while he's at it he should probably just make his own kernel, OS, drivers, and the whole bunch, because you know, it's possible for anyone with enough time to figure it out on their own."
It's MST3K with 9/11 and child rape jokes.
"Didn't you know that when air is pumped out of a room, gravity gets afraid of the vacuum and leaves?"
Doesn't mean it's ok to start shit even if someone doesn't mind... that's part of being an adult.
It is all a CFC plot against gelvon because the devs are all on their side!
"Ok girls, this is called negative G oooooodmannnit!"
Nice wagonR !
"I'm sorry, what?"
"...because antagonizing American police always yields good results, right?"
We have a team and goes through knockout stage last year just to let you know
How can she cold?
Because government efficiency?
Yeah better afk and lose for sure then trying to win with someone without Thunderlord
yes it includes music freedom and even data stash.
Ashamed Brazilians
Because they happen to be square?
They will draw 0-0
Bill Clinton got total respect from reactionary right-wingers.
Trade for Brian Hoyer and a draft pick.
Is he talking about Tom Brady?
"Custard between, cream on top is how we do it in northern Germany."
"This is the ""up time"" counter for humans... Shit, I should really reboot, I think there have been some bad memory leaks recently."
"Nah man, we have to be more grateful so they stop beating us (or murdering children)."
"You must be sad or stupid for liking troll videos, because you know, those are really the only two adjectives you can use to describe the video game community."
dick cheney mixed with emperor palpatine
Time zones are difficult.
I want him to hold my hand the same way he did to Ska after that battle..
Unlock your frame rate to unlimited in the graphics settings
"Yupp, I should probably make some friends up there to keep one for me haha"
TIL Racial discrimination and Paying for public transport are linked
TIL trucks are slow.
And before that you only needed one ATT any way.
Very serious.. So lets punish the driver instead of the team.
i too had a hell of a time understanding what he was saying
"It's the revenge of Aztec god ""Noerapenal"""
Thank you for the mental image.
"Couldn't find it in comment section, gracias!"
"We *definitely* need more Agario clones in the Play Store, because there's *obviously* not enough."
"And what's the problem with that, you racist?"
"It's impossible to be sexist against men, just like it's impossible to be racist against Caucasians."
I think you dropped your
Make new friends!
I feel both of you are correct xD
"You cannot outrun your fork, period."
123 kappa Thanks for doing this OP!
Then why post it at all?
"Yeah, smoking weed is so much worse than killing people with the crown of your helmet"
You missed the
So now i can spam torps at my friends and nobody wud care
"But its easy to win at Roulette, you wait for 3 Black Numbers to hit, then bet on Red, right?"
is that the one with secret keeper instead of mysterious challenger?
"Bielema has said he wears the jacket for luck out of some weird superstition, considering he already has 3 SEC wins in less than 3 years I would say its working just fine....keep the good luck flowing."
You did!
oh man a libertarian is here to save us all from 1984!
No that's SELinux.
Like an Grommash reinhart skin?
But then how would Owens win?
"You should come see my lads in our sunday league, very unpredictable results."
"Oh, like yours was a bombshell."
I mean Brandish had a relation with Layla so she's reliving it with Lucy
"Nice post, trying to out the managers among us ;-)"
"Makes sense, not like he's talking tough internally or committing us to combat roles in foreign countries."
Wow no one could have seen this coming!
Who doesn't want paper sticking to their wounds?
Then you must be lesbo.
Reek* hes implying it will smell of havoc when EDG wins
fucking hate you masochist types...
It's also very low-cost!
reporting for win trading :)
I heard on Facebook that he plans to rule from a cave in Afghanistan.
"Yes, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the like have become fabulously wealthy because international corporations are stealing the oil."
The last line has the same size than your [this post has been deleted]
"But they support gay marriage and legal weed, they can't possibly be right-wing!"
Good thing the guy had a gun to protect himself from the tyranny of government.
Are you being serious or did you forget the
Because he didnt win a ring yet duh.
"Uhh so I *just* got done paying off my pitchfork loan from the blackout so...I'm gonna let you slide for now, but I'll be watching you."
They were chosen by Constantine aka Dan Brown at the Council of Nicaea.
What kind of oil?
Nice flair bro.
Looking a little tanned there Blake.
"reducing the significance of the main article, are we?"
Oh geez Pastor Ackard is A!
Fuckin' cis white male shitlords and their fuckin' logic &amp; reasoned discussion and using truth &amp; evidence all the time.
"Yea, if only the police would be nicer to the drug addicts the world would be a better place."
I didn't know Duffy was a pitcher.
Who was Valdes?
100 kills ez streaming has ruined a god
Oh.. I thought everybody controlled their spray the hard way like me
They already do after 5 laps
OH WELL FINE IT LOOKS LIKE THIS WHOLE DAMN CONTRY IS REALLY GOING DOWN THE SHITTER ANYWAY
I'm sure they think of each and every single one when they check their bank account and see all that free money.
Clearly we need more guns to solve this problem.
"its a fetish, god so ignorant"
Therefore we should legalize them.
Build tutorial please
But you don't own the road!
"Nah, those $2B planes are more valuable than education"
Nobody want's to play with you anyways.
Wags forgot the
"I can do the same with knives and bats, so I'll be sure to ban those too."
congrats
"Glotis: But Manny, I'm already a demon"
It's a cake to do in Nissa's campaign.
That's racist!
What kind of fucking monster are you?
Is that you won't need to upgrade
That's preposterous!
So what you're saying is that raids sucked back then and it's just nostalgia that keeps us from looking criticly at them?
"...or we lose, Jose gets sacked and Rui Faria wins us the FA/CL double."
Everything looks normal.
I can customise it.
"Someone is punching above their weight here, but it's really hard to tell which one of you it is."
I can't believe those damn SJWs think there should be CONSEQUENCES for shitty actions!
"I was trying that, but missing the ```.first``` from the where() query."
Yeah.... HE'S uneducated...
But what if I disagree with them?
Yeah because everyone's mother is a complete and total cunt every day of the year
"well, if that was the case, she shouldn't have assaulted the man's hand with her face"
"Dude, the geography in north Korea is so flawed!"
start seeing a therapist
Impressive for a guy his age to leave the broadcasters booth and try a comeback
And if we disagree it's because we're antisemites.
"There's a nice big one set to music out in a neighborhood in Cranbury, although I think it only runs at certain times on the weekend."
I'm sure you'll grow out of this tomboy stage and blossom In to a really stacked but butterfaced young woman.
"its fixed in reborn, no need to bug fix the old client"
Not as gay as the person you're responding to.
Did you mean to reply to the comment above mine?
I can't imagine the angry honks you must get from behind you.
I did Nazi this coming
"Title gore, I know."
*updooted
UKIP's one is awful
"Tampa is likely going to be in a playoff hunt, so I doubt they would trade their best player."
It's not just Shia islam.. its Shia LaBeouf islam.
5) Because Zoidberg
MD Charlton is the sole distributor of Sig and Sig Parts and accessories in Canada.
This is why major shootings have been stopped by Good Guys With Guns(TM).
The real WTF is that people killed it
"Yeah, cause Irina doesn't do it for him anymore"
"What do you mean old days, I get HEAT spammed at me by KV-1s pretty frequently even now."
"It's surrounded by a matter-disrupting energy field, the ork shouldn't have much of a head left!"
"His belt still says Mark Henry and if I'm not mistaken, it looks like they just wrote on the nameplate for Henry with a Sharpie."
The kid was born averaging 12 rebounds a game.
Thanks a lot!
"I agree, but put him on the other side; he's the biggest louse I've ever seen."
"That's a good bit of it, I think."
We'll have a nickname eventually... ...Goingoingone?
"First they took our Funayama, then they too our Strang!"
I'm just going by what he said himself
"Honestly dude just buy Malphite and play with Grasp of the Undying ... You won't lose hard any match-ups, you don't need any mechanics, and you will be more useful for your team than 99% of other top laners."
It wasn't really trading but ok.
Being good is the counter to quickscoping
Cars would probably yield to the train unlike Cyclists
"No, like back to the previous screen."
No thanks...I'd rather have the autism.
"The opinions of Sommers:Women's rights::""slavery is over everyone is equal"":civil rights"
"How do you tolerate yourself, playing sona of all champions?"
Mechanical keyboards should survive such drink
I begin to worry and then I remember how many good people there are on the planet and how this man will not be elected
Monk
If all I was doing is browsing websites like reddit and watching YouTube would this be a good option?
Start with Tommy Boy.
You can't say that and not include your steam url :p
"No, it was also because at that point, he was selling lots of toys and killing Ford off would be bad business."
Meh.
Maybe you just drive so safely that it's suspicious.
"Happened to me, i just quit lal"
So don't play?
If you cut yourself for attention you *do* have a real problem.
God forbid he stunts the development of Marek Hrivik...
Please no
"And guess what, that settler that you helped slaved over, the next time you see them, they have no idea who you are and asked if the Minuteman send you, like that 100th time that I helped you save your friend or killed that raider for you, nope you don't recognize me at all, Yes god dammit I am from the minuteman and yeah I just build those damn turrets to protect you but yeah you have a memory of 5 seconds."
"digging up minerals, which are then refined and used to craft better guns."
I don't think Jan Vesely will be a huge threat
Was it ever?
"Oh yes, reddit has never put a spin on any story."
I'm a fucking champion.
Never forget!
Classy
It's worth noting that TESO takes place hundreds of years before Skyrim.
"Didnt she just say she wanted to end ""call out culture"" wow that lasted like a week."
I just can't win with you people.
"Immigrated to Vancouver in 97, and would choose it 10 out of 10 times."
^ The basis of this argument are outliers.
"The only things about it that annoy me are that it takes a couple of seconds for info about tiles to show up when you hover over them, and the list of units up the left side of the screen."
Nice man!
`fourwordsalluppercase`
"For context, Hillary spent more than $900,000 on polling(probably trying to ""choose"" her positions on issues like gay marriage, climate change, etc.)"
Asking the tough questions...
Deserved
The best of the best.
"You mean it's gone up from ""capable of taking a crap=qualified to be a parent""?"
I am socially democratic but fiscally conservative
"What the hell man, you can't own people anymore...."
The cars were not bunched up enough we need pack racing wide open at martinsville for nascar to succeed.
"For convenience, you should probably make it now, go through the first mandatory mission, and then use the spark to get to 25 on the 15th."
How much did it weigh?
Maybe we should shut down the government again!
"Yeah but the patriots cheated, that's why other teams lose."
Sounds like something a genetically inferior being would say.
I can't tell if you're angry or not
"They could do Maidan thing if they wanted change, you know :)"
"Like I said, local places are the best, but they're not gonna deliver to your house on a Sunday at 1am."
Pooping
Everyone knows luchadores don't exist.
"So what you're really hoping for is a Furion EE, right?"
But the homeless people are the scum and filths of the society
"Remember, his account was worth hundreds of dollars!"
Destiny ripped off halos amazing shooting mechanics though so I hate it
Come on those aren't big names
"My GOD, heterosexual breeding between extinct, non-sapient animals triggers my PTSD."
Now I'm just afraid.
"#Whoops, wrong sub, right title."
Reinvest it into my other lineups.
Yeah sure..
But if we restrict gun access then people won't have guns to defend themselves from other people who also wouldn't have guns.
It's Smith's fault.
"Yeah, all those messages she keeps sending to him with overt sexual innuendo is what keeps him coming back, not mental problems."
"Speaking of B4, what's the main draw of it vs smaller firms?"
"Please, don't be redicullous that would never work if we follow the model of gender studies and focus on differences in every field then we can maybe make as many amazing advaces as they have."
Just take the green line!
morales will teach everyone map awareness the hard way
99 summoning cause i have lots of cats which i talk too
"Well, this is the MTG subreddit after all."
"HE MEANT WEDNESDAY, geez,"
It's a baby fuckin whale man!
"That was the one where Andrew Jackson went full Leonidas in New Orleans, right?"
The food was not Halal.
I bet the simcity online matches are a perfectly fine experience.
Translation: Racist.
I wouldn't expect someone with a name such as probablydrunkrn1353 to *understand* the ways of Jesus Christ our Lord and savior!
You just don't under physics very well if you think that split second is going to do much to 260lbs going the other direction.
Byzantine is not even country.
I was referring more to modern comedy- Melissa McCarthy sure as shit isn't Lucille Ball.
Common sense dont reals
"The CEO of reddit is allowing the specter of ""language police coming to knock the door down"" to dictate actual policy."
"To be fair, he did say he bought armor"
But those authors are wymyn and therefore incapable of being creepy.
Because they didn't want to see one of their own take his life and not get prosecuted.
Yeah pretty much
Ctrl + F is extremely useful on reddit for browsing through the endless comments!
"Well you don't expect a Mac to use that inferior IP address Windows uses, do you?"
I don't see why not.
He just needs to remember whose lives really matter.
yeah sure send me the offer for serpent 92k + 260 k = 352 ofc I would take that offer
"Uhm hello, he's like an 86 on fifa"
Like the Greek Communist party?
Because you downvote non contrubutions to the thread and not opinions or ideologies
What's that?
It's not like the subreddit has 20+ posts per hour about the tourney mode as it is.
"It might cover that side trip to McDonald's too, obviously."
"Blacks can't be racist, so this is okay."
*hug*
Nah that nigga is dead.
Definitely sounds like a clear case of sleep paralysis or hypnogogic hallucinations.
"Yeah, that meeting where you sit down, watch the JFK assassination video, get told about our Alien overlords and the secret war in the hollow Earth, suddenly your transparency promises mean nothing"
Down voted for PHAT in a log
"Much better that you see private photos they don't want you to, than sympathetically shot stuff within their control."
"Yeah, and I'm sure your reaction times are incredibly quick!"
"Look at the noob here, doesn't know his pickup trucks."
"All of them, because they're elite athletes, and you're just well, an athlete."
"STEFAN IS GOING TO KILL HIMSELF AT NUMBER 10, BUT HE REALLY LIKES BIRDS TOO."
You look so happy.
"No no, colored people can't be racist."
The Iron Giant.
"B-B-B-ut It's Steam, PC GAMING IS DYING C-c-c-ause i said so"
Not all calories are equal
"If I had to make a guess, I'd say during E3."
Sounds like you need more fins
"So fake, not that many people have falcon, marth, or shulk"
I'm sure a beautiful costume would have looked much more realistic.
You'd have to because I'd purposely shut down the mom and pop stores that couldn't compete with my bottom line.
If you want to convey sarcasm just put a
it's just momentum
He's the only one that's capable of being a racist in that group.
Jack Eichel doesn't fine the College Title Connor McDavid doesn't win the Robertson Cup IS THERE ANYONE WORTHY OF NUMBER 1 OVERALL
"I don't even get how that possible, sounds like a great bicep iso exercise"
"Found shulk,rosa and lucario at nws"
Thank you for your informed opinion
I am just an arrogant cunt :)
Why Sombreros?
"I'm all for hype threads right now, let it ride."
Balls of (Pebble) Steel
I think there's enough humans.
I have an erection no matter who I'm around
"For the record, I'm a big fan of the game."
"Strange, I don't see anyone dual-wielding LMGs."
When does it get good?
Ummm why?
congrats on his copyright infringement
"Uh no, its not, you can wear less modest clothes in private but not openly, and shorts for women are heresy, i live in pakistan bro, its no lie."
Saving hostages at the Iranian embassy you ungrateful fucker!
Prediction: they don't give a uck about this right now.
0-16 ^lions
Jwaow was 1st option
Flours
I sent a PM with specific details.
"ugh...go western conference, I guess"
Game refunds are notoriously hard to do in many countries...
Id add tripping.
I think you may have found the reason he couldn't give a concrete example here...
"90 yard pick six, so yes."
inb4 I FUCKING LOVE COCAINE
"it's in key arena, not really a point of having crowd fx in an arena that size."
why would they have mustaches?
Just move to Huntsville and commute.
urwelcum
"Nothing cause the changes wont affect you, while it has an effect on the old players."
I'm sheltering my kids in my basement until they are 8 so they can experience the reveal with more comprehension.
"Mike from New Hampshire, or MIKEY MILLIONS like his friends call him"
**YO SOY FIESTA**
Who is this 'anonymous'?
momasaymamasamimakorapeculture
Commenting to save for later
"Yeah, well, your *FACE* is stupid."
"If the rest of the game is super polished, I don't think so."
Not nearly as impressive as Doug Baldwin's 3 game touchdown streak!
That's very true.
"double check that you are using a pc resolution and not the HD resolutions available, you might have to scroll down the resolution pop up menu in Nvidia settings"
The most exciting part of science is balancing formulas
"With our luck, he's probably been the best QB on the roster all along"
Shots
This will teach Hvick not to map and instead make crazy plays
Wow the commentators reaction was so weak.
"You haven't looked very hard then, there are plenty of people who've commented on here that they like the taste of KetoSoy."
But maybe the Cavs GM didnt know Wright was available until this posting...
"Yet WTI is taking a beating today, again."
Really stupid idea...
"But english is a necessity, not like french or german"
"Lel is no easier to type than ""lol"""
Hi.
Yeah sadly that is true.
"I dunno, I like the card back for Hearthstone, and I don't play Heroes but I think the mount looks cool."
Stop trying to corrupt me you heathen.
He hates it because its common and tired so its cool and edgy to say you hate common phrases
"It's Saturday, but I'll allow it"
"You're right, if you can't see something it doesn't exist."
There is a log target in rich rules you can make use of.
Because Israel is in danger from those filthy muslims....
Mum and Dad pls no bully
They would buy 40 classic packs instead.
Close enough
"Damnit, you never mentioned a chinchilla!"
Nothing is as cool as killing innocents via drone strikes!
yeah but its new and stuff and 10%...
Ah that would explain the ears then
"Sorry, the second law of thermodynamics proves that computers can't exist!"
Brave post
they are prolly still jelling with their new drummer
Job security.
Good thing Obama has been honest on this issue.
Did Venice get a canal city?
Justin is better than the Baseball Player Formerly Known as Bossman.
Worth it
'landwige' - just amazing.
"Even though there's nothing wrong with it, as a Christian I also feel a bit weird and awkward reading things like this"
"Its also a Percula clown, ""Nemo"" would be an Ocellaris"
It's copyrighted
"And if you enjoy going out, the bars in BG are awesome."
I always enjoy a good firm slap.
But... But... You're a glory hunter!
"That was a truck stop bathroom if I ever saw one, this girl is a lot lizard."
Yeah but uh it's an edgy media conspiracy?
TIL you can flash during ezreal ult.
you shouldnt have to :/
"Yeah, the mentioned improved support for building on windows is an obvious example."
Summ plz
May I have the M60 code?
It's like a mix between lana del rey and Bruce jenner
That was my first thought
I think you missed the
"look, the women are at the second stretch goal, that is unfair to women"
"I can't say anything much about it as I've only had it a couple days, but so far it's held a great edge after a bout of breaking down boxes."
The actual term is body dismorphia
"Cowher despises the Colts, and if Gruden was the coach he would only have one play in the playbook ""Spider 2 Y Banana"""
"Oh, just what the nation needs right now!"
"294 Lock, PSN: drc_Ghost"
"They don't think it be like it is, but it do"
"Patriarchy is always the answer, don't ya know?"
"Na man, it was no bug, it's all about competition and participation in sports, not about winning :^)"
"Fnatic team switching orgs for Gamers2, HLTV confirmed"
arizer air runs around 180
This is just the content that this subs needs to get rolling
"Ten years from now, it will be collectible, and you will sell it for a thousand dollars!"
"I agree, the mafia is viewed as more, sophisticated, honorable, and intelligent."
Your facebook feed must be a lot of fun.
Skyrim + Lightsaber mods.
"There's also a metallic blue N3DSXL coming soon, so that might be up for your consideration."
"Getting off on the fact that you're so Masterful that you got random submissives you'll never meet to reveal their *deepest, most secretest* **desires** (ooh, aah)."
Because we buy headphones so that we can impress people with the brand names.
No into jelqing :/ Hanging and manual pulls for this boy
Especially in this sub.
needs more LeBron.
Here I think you dropped your
Cool thanks for the input!
"FFS Ike why are you so easily comboed Can't escape a pm gaw or falco to save my life, pray for shield grabs lel"
Works well in Mexico.
Yeah it's oh so simple.
Stop tryin t'make FITCH heppen!
You can just forget about 'em bahd pooosays
Did momma go back to making your bed after she took this photo?
"Youtube comment This rapper sucks, i couldnt give 2 fucks, bout his age, he probly plays with tonka trucks"
Take a chill pill guys
Are you sure about that?
Yeah that's the downside to them :/
be productive
He said that he used to be a Gold Spy.
"Yeah, but then what's the subreddit content going to be?"
With Queen Latifa?
Kimmo is a Flyers legend
"Are you implying that if there where less ""black people"" here, that reddit would be a better place?"
Constantinople is Greek tho
Source?
Should have put a
It's a rental don't be gentle
Playing a crazy high line is the perfect defense against Sterling
Somehow I feel as though springing it on him in the middle of sex with no prior communication is the best way to go
We all know the real battle is the Barkley-Tebow fight over who will make the team
Because of the liberals and their hate for nuclear power
Liberator nerf working as intended.
needs a
"since judaism is not a missionary religion, i'm glad it lags behind pdf..."
"Yay, I always wanted to play a commoner Null or Blank."
I thought roblox was
I guess no one has yet tried getting the traditional media to cover him... reddit was obviously the first choice because of its incredibly broad reach when compared to broadcast media.
"What a brilliant compromise, forcing him to have infinitely more children than he wanted"
"And Republicans believe in Republics, because those two are mutually exclusive."
Donald is obviously talking about those flat burnt tracks in Oz there.
THE FEAR OF DEATH
"If he can't quickscope cross-map, he don't have to the stuff."
cam3ronsupreme
But not everyone tips!
Because companies LOVE paying useless wonks for no gain of course !
you forgot
True; I keep forgetting we're the minority in most situations :/
Just because we are gay is no reason to discriminate against women when it comes to sex.
Wow this guy knows how to have fun and entertain a girl
Bu-bu-but his grand slam tho....
"Do you even lift, bro?"
There's a difference being overweight and morbidly obese.
good one
"yay, I cant play enough of that brawl!"
"Season one episode 8 ""Rixty Minutes""."
why do you support it
"Not the people boosting, the ones getting boosted."
You're paying 90$ for 8mbits?
"Given that 1,300,000 die each year in traffic accidents, this kind of situation probably happens more often than one would like to think."
they can
Five games over and I would be a happy camper.
Alright :)
Hospital?
I'm the Flame Alchemist and I'm gonna be Fuhrer My beats are hot and my rhymes are purer
Rule 1 in fighting an enemy you hate and must defeat: kick him while he's down.
"Nice, though I'd be tempted to organise your international section into individual countries."
"Just access the HR file share and open the employee's application paper work, right?"
People play sober?
The hornets need more veterans.
"After you beat DLC, will you use build for PvP or PvE?"
Yes they are.
Ok
Well... then you disagree with pretty much all of neuroscience.
Or if there's a pond nearby he can call the EPA for discharging lead under the Clean Water Act.
That's just because those ivory tower liberals gravitated towards obscure religions that nobody around them knew about to seem more intelligent.
Shoot it.
Doug Martin OR Dion Lewis
But only those approved by facebook can join.
Looks like Britney's been out in the sun a bit.
What a great picture.
"Welp, who's ready for some scalping!"
Tavares would be nothing without his line mates
It's just like what Charles keeps saying: you live by the three you die by the three.
TIL I made Mother 3 harder than it it needed to be.
"I would add Norway to the underrated beer nations list, they have many small breweries that are fantastic but not very well known."
Nah just pour some liquor on and take a few shots
"I don't even know what that's supposed to mean, to be honest with you."
2 girls 1 cup
ime's that dude
get the inbvisa sundie
Definitely can't do that on a console...
Any luck?
And I think I know one these girls.
America's obviously.
Common people stop overreacting because it's steam and they get a pass.
"Wow, I have literally never heard this one on reddit before."
I'm sure retailers across the world are going to adopt it immediately.
You should never pay for a tool like that.
"DD is a franchise player, would be an equal trade."
"They like to ignore ""necessary force"" and use ""maximum force I can get away with"", and act like there's no difference."
"Careful, around these parts you might need a"
not like migration ever changed europe
Guaranteed knife using my case vision hack no lowball or -rep block and report
TT can't draft defense
That song has some of the craziest/weirdest lyrics ever.
I don't know
"I've never done quarter stitches, what's so annoying about them?"
I gotta give you props on the background
They're all very much in the normal American weight range.
baseball
Stop making generalizations male scum
Josh Johnson?
Probably no team in CN would approach him cuz he demonstrated the past split he's probably the worst jungler in LPL...and there's plenty of jungle talent in LSPL as well
I'm awake!
"Haha, gaaaaay"
"Yes, all Muslims collectively hate Jews."
My ps3 is still running like the day I bought it I can count have many times it has frozen on one hand (;
But but but he totally knew what he was doing and must be punished!
Only 3 marathons a year?
I bought a fleshlight and I must say it has been amazing.
"OP, don't vandalize a part of the city just for karma."
"I play games, not graphics"
The dimensions of space.
"I am a disappointment with two arms missing, a shit hairstyle and a penknife I pretend is a sword."
"Because busy == dangerous, duh!"
Studies on raw meat (sterilized/clean of course) would be very useful for this subject.
surely...because if there is something Israel likes is to have a new crazier enemy...
"And all women want children, and the brunt of pain, discomfort, and work of carrying, birthing, and raising children aren't typically all on the woman, especially in ass-backwards red pillers' worlds."
The right to finance foreign wars and not feel any consequence as nasty as savages flooding into your country club during tea time.
Hi Daniel :)
Yeah please buff Fizz
"He has no mouth, can't really taste anything."
Ok
You were born in the 80's and act this immature?
Must be nice to have good genetics.
"Because black people can't be racist, and if they say stuff like that, it's internalized racism and they're victims."
wtf no DMM
Fuck her right in the pussy
I'd like that (;
Holy shit guys this is creepy as fuck
And why is LO Calc bad?
"Oh, so you're a raw denim snob huh?"
"It's not as if ""776"" was written on it in f*cking red letters, you know."
"Don't you have ""next release"" posts to make or something?"
"Yeah, worked for nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, too!"
But hes a pedo so they don't count
"Duh, it's because whites are the majority and therefor cannot be oppressed!"
Having a hard time figuring out if you really like this stuff or if your comments =
"He isn't even our QB, russell wilson is dummy..."
because we still need to see what beckerman and zusi can offer
I'm glad I have access to VLSC in case this is true
How dare we work with China?
They have a good work ethic is all.
I suspected it near the end of the second movie.
It's surprising that they didn't make turrets a rebel token
Flames
You should be working more hours in your cubicle instead of doing these foolish things!
"Yarne and Nah are both really bad, Robin is better with Cordelia or maybe Lissa."
In his Cliff getup
4/5 stars... They would have got 5/5 if they fixed that unfixable bug though amirite
Good thing the Austin American Statesmen blogs about regional schools.
"Yea, king is clearly a better writer than Pynchon."
"But we cant punish them, that would be against their human rights."
I bet you're sleeping with the professor to get those grades because AWALT.
what happened on that day?
Yea the one in the Anonymous mask.
"Wait, you can't use a 55 gallon barrel of lube?"
I guess they're afraid she'll grow up to be a contributing member of society.
Where were you between 11.30 and 11.45 this morning?
But if I don't birth them at home the Doctors could give them vaccines!
"Gets hard countered by mass dispel, literally unplayable"
Nice save!
I'd say women in particular
The important part is how Cristiano reacted after the goal.
"Most definitely, have to keep hydrated and all that jazz"
Because it's just those dumb welfare people that need to be sterilized
"If that's their motivation, then the flying spaghettimonster says hi!"
I don't know... they're usually so careful when it comes to transporting massive amounts of oil.
"Wow, I haven't seen this reposted 3 times a week since it came out over a year ago."
"In fact, it would be quite comical."
"Accused, Alleged, Charged, Convicted... who cares what any of those words mean these days?"
Then you must either be under 18 or not in the US if you're allowed on reddit
You forgot the
It's custodial engineer you jerk.
Yes
That was quite the intelligent response.
Cause going 72 instead of the speed limit of 65 gets me there much faster.
See this right here is why NC wins all the alerts!
Broncos camp opened.
"Yeah, so many people are attacking Ethiopia and northern Africa"
"Well, she has to be by his side to help him protect the sanctity of marriage."
Sign your profile
You forgot the
and the amazing arc has definitely nothing to do with this.
Further increasing the chances of making 3rd place then.
he probably is getright and flusha together
yeah that's worked really well last two quarters
forgot the
don't be so judgmental...
"Well, I mean, what else are you going to do once you've read all the books and heard all the radio-borne propaganda?"
If Mike Tyson understood boxing he would have seen how good of a fight it was.
"Yep, Oz Superturismos!"
Filthy core picker detected
How DARE you be a woman of breeding age who doesn't want a gaggle of little darlings to devote your life to!
Him and Ray Allen are actually 2 of the 5 guys burgers
Looks like an iLimb.
"well, you are."
what a shitlord
Now that's an awesome fish tank
They love the coco
"I was so confused in 76 on how I could have missed, and never heard of episodes 1 to 3 of such an epic movie."
*Trve* metal fans don't listen to anything past ...And Justice For all.
"Ya me too, I also never leave."
Ugh I thought this Chris Pratt ball coddling was done.
=SUM(up)
Yep.
Well CT produced the leagues only mass murderer so I guess we can let them walk.
"Yeah, because people have no motivation to do something productive with there lives"
"on weekdays, the bellagio breakfast buffet is very good... and sub $15."
like is it a joke or isn't it make up your mind yo
"I was going to say...better not be lesser seen in general, considering X-23 took up the Wolverine helm and Marvel looooooves Wolverine... I could get behind some Lady Deathstrike silver nail polish."
It's a touchy subject.
Every time someone claims to be an expert you have to read the last line first.
"Priorities, am I right guys?"
"Yup, 9/11 was a scam and no muslims have ever hurt anyone anywhere in the world!"
When you're not 14 years old anymore and you actually have people to take care of and debt to manage you'll understand.
"no of course not, Riot need to do absolutely everything they can to make NA an internationally competitive region by Destroying Korea's streaming system and then blatantly giving EU less competitive games, because NA absolutely *has* to be the best region"
"Two easily, the cold damage will provide way more than the extra dex."
Wes can't remember what wishes are.
Just jacking on all day!
I will try to make that later if I remember or someone doesn't beat me to it.
No it's because they are white.
Exactly.
it's not your fans revving up because it's processor intense?
Just for you I put in the
"When in doubt, whatabout."
hey welcome to the club
"YOUR RECORDS WEREN'T RELEASED, THEY ESCAPED!"
"Danny Ings should start the 6th game, if he scores two... well that's gonna be scary"
"You see, this is exactly why my account is tagged with ""Please don't reply to this account."""
I think it's gonna take more than $32 million to fix that craphole station.
Holy sexual harassment batman.
I watch all the ads as well as the non troll members do in this forum.
nice kitchen
"Ok please, they'd probably have qualified had they played in Asia."
"No, it's Chica!"
its a import
"Howdy, H.W."
wow what an islamophobe
Their sex life must really suck eh
"No problem, I'm just happy you liked the art and he is not a dog HE IS AN ANGRY FLUFF MONSTER"
Absolutely fake.
shook is shit Source: Bronze 5 jungler
Where's proof that he raped anyone?
I wanted the Jets to win AMA
Didn't the NRA have a Facebook status asking what Jesus favourite gun would have been and then went apeshit when someone suggested a nail gun.
"Or the German army could have reasonned that preserving their troops to fight the Soviet was more important than their pride, but Hitler was really mad and utterred that Warsaw should be rased."
but it comes with the os
Maybe terrorist attacks should happen more often...
I didn't ;)
Giggs linked with chelsea job.
hahaha that made me laugh out loud
Not meta anymore.
Yeah but what has he done in the past 15 minutes?
Hillary Clinton loves Michael Bay right now
your kid could have already seen it before you
Thanks
There are definitely actions governments can take which could hinder or prevent the adoption of bitcoin.
he must've been influenced by some guy.
What video did he do that in?
"If you pay someone on here for one day shipping, it's still going to be expensive."
"And the police have immediately made video from different angles available to back up their claims, right?"
better late than never :)
Wait... building on a flood plain is a bad idea?
Death before appropriation!
"First time I've heard this ""single stream"" issue mentioned!"
"No HDR+, just HDR."
"Truth be told I often wondered how that fight would go when Anderson had the belt and was the world beater we knew him to be at one point, kinda felt like it was an inevitable matchup"
She also lied about her age when she screwed the judge a few month before the defendant?
Oops.
P Master C Race
Yep.
Divided we stand
It's all about the
"Hell no, no reliable wake up game"
"Remember, the human eye can't see past 24 fps."
"I think he can be absolutely insane when played right (TL FeniX for example) but the nerfs are too much, he mostly won't be able to pull off the shurima shuffle without flash if the e nerf stays"
I just saw dank
"Yeah, that would work out marvelously here in CA"
"But but ""HOA keep values up!"""
IIRC Broman said in his stream yesterday that they weren't going to show the loot on stream anyways.
How about some research?
Ambassquidor FTFY.
That sounds like a pretty good deal...If you're white
I'm pretty sure everyone complains about jews.
Sarcasm doesn't translate well over the internet
"Thanks man, im going out to do a test in uni right now, but i feel a bit more confident just sharing my story and getting support, you guys rock!"
"I think Allen Robinson is gonna have a big game, just a gut feeling."
"Nah, the human eye cannot see the difference between 640x480 and 800x600 anyway"
Please original thread
I think you mean *Gah Jollyharn*.
says removed in the post instead of deleted
win blizzcon or bust
"I remember walking through a cloud of smoke and smelling like smoke all day, it was terrible..."
But they never killed people in the bible
Classy
Whys it on civic wheels?
"So wait, you are complaining that a gun constructed out of a scout rifle, a sword, a shroud from space witches and pulsing with the still beating heart of oryx has a pendant that defies logic?"
It's a conspiracy man.
I think it needs a bigger turbo.
Could you link the Map ?
"The only time I get to play video games before december will be that weekend, so I'm sooooooooo happy I have to choose between a holiday (temporary) and the brand new xpac."
Can't expect a base runner when you have a proven stud like Strop out there.....
Didnt a girl get her arm taken by an alligator there the day before?
I forgot the
So what you're saying is kick out the brown people
Why wasn't he taken out of the game?
"What if the other cars go 90mph, can you not catch up?"
"Thanks for the big red circle, otherwise I'm sure none of us would be able to tell what you were talking about"
"Yeah, because we all remember how OP Neimi was..."
Pussy mode
And cut into the profits of the prison system?
A smaller field of view is more cinematic.
Jerry Reinsdorf cares more about quality than money.
"Yes, you're a snowflake of normalcy..."
"wow, I thought you were an arsehole but turns out there's a typo."
"Yeah fuck Asian people, if you don't drink milk you will die"
"As a player in arizona (US) Do what c9 does, buy a tanktop"
But bro I have over 300 games now!
8k MMR redditors?
"No, I'd abandon them in an instant."
Carlisle?
My condolences :(
I do this between my boobs.
Why have common sense and restraint when internet reviewers and rottentomatoes can tell you what you should and shouldn't like instead of thinking for yourself.
My Facebook friends are going to love these.
Stirring up shit as always.
Buy clearly she is so devastated on seeing the new puppy
Straighten out my budget and stop spending money on stupid things.
"The ban on cargo shorts is officially lifted Whew, I sure am glad I have their permission!"
Bitches
"Oh wow, what a terrible thing."
Such a brave courageous rant from a man with more heart than anyone else in WWE history!
"The insulated inventor isn't even painted white, you failed"
The american police should just shoot the perps fingernail when someone charges them with a knife
That makes me feel better
It's almost as if it wasn't their opponents' obliviousness that makes top players into top players.
Even more proof reality has a right wing bias
"Now, guarding Peter's bones makes finally some sense."
But I lost to face hunter and I'm salty about it!
Yes
Because the games lack the 'fun factor' which mods give them?
**FINAL RELEASE HYPE**
Back in myyyy day we boiled our eggs on the sidewalk!
That twerking elephant triggered the fuck out of me.
"Holy shit I just went from plat 5 to gold 1 because mah leona did 1 dmg less to enemy's commando lux and lost the game, gg rito"
It also implies a willingness to consider lifestyle changes.
I like how he has a detailed understanding of Rodgers mind.
just buy phantom dancer
"I think you mean ""mostly in part of""."
"Sure, it means it's equipped to your right hand!"
"I mean, Chicharito came back from his loan..."
Religion
"At 24 years old, Avery has clearly reached his peak."
That's what all of those **greedy whores** are doing!
they should have given a trigger warning
Colluding with the Saudis no doubt.
"Well yeah, but dude have you ever BEEN on the L90?"
"Yeh, Dying will really teach him a lesson he will never forget"
*ephebophilia
Yeah minorities are literally being shot dead in the streets in Japan
Companies are people too dammit!
It looks like a jack olantern
i'm going to miss his lee sin
HEY EVERYONE IT'S CAL CHUCHESTA
JEEEEESSSUUUUS CHRIST!
It's how the American insurance corporations work.
"Oh, the lonely nights with only my right hand and lots of ecchi..."
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME ANY OF YOU SAW THE OCEAN?
welp
"If you could install kodi on the device (officially or unofficially), I would seriously consider getting it."
Fite me Irl m8
"That makes sense, thanks"
i like where this is heading.
I have one for $41
"Did you try removing those ""screws"" on top using a box end or ratcheting box end wrench?"
Violence against bicyclists is hilarious!
please send help
Virtual Reality
A bigger person wouldn't fuck pandas.
"Then he'll post about how someone ""hacked"" him and put porn on his Facebook and remind his friends that it's not him."
Clearly this budding young rapist needs to be thrown in prison and the key thrown away!
"He's been playing pretty good lately indeed, that quadroople OT was nuts, he's been fragging like crazy."
"Don't get me wrong, I think it's a nice feature, but I don't feel like it's a necessary feature."
Ted Turner colorized them in the 70's.
mmm...I'm gonna go with the Habs Kidding :)
Felt compelled to check post history based on your comment... Was not disappointed.
Do u even anatomy scrub?
So you're saying I changed your view on abortion being an example of women having *rights* that men do not?
Crystal Method - Vegas
I don't know what's worse!
You forgot about other-kin awareness asshole....
"You worded it like one of those people that defends hitting their kids by saying ""you don't know what it's like till you have them!"""
I love swimming!
Why give it the 2008 paint job?
Did someone say ecchi?
I don't even have an oil problem but omg the packaging is so pretty that I want this!
Why do people like him buy ESEA
I don't even get like that when really high..
Satan has infiltrated the newspaper!
Very surprising
You better tell me what it is.
"It's not shallow, not is wanting someone who is not obese."
"No, Beal"
That first drive was the only drive till the 4th wuarter where they couldn't stop them
*Whoosh*
I dunno but there is something about the upvotes adding up to what they are they is telling me that you are downvoting comments.
Well I mean how are we supposed to sexualise them when we can't see if they're hot
how did it even work with that on there
Or second generation immigrants (or 3rd); Or youth low income people who lived with immigrants; Or decent human beings.
Mission kill would be an acceptable result of that engagement.
Teemo
Am I the only one who doesn't really give a shit about this kind of thing?
np
"It takes 2 seconds or less to clean, not exactly a hardship to endure."
Utopian policies always work out so well.
"American store of fuel, food and drinks."
"Mark me down as disagreeing, and wait for more opinions."
I more than likely will in a month or so
Too late
Keep backing up.
oh yeah that makes it okay that he got away with it.
"Yeah, silly plebs, why are you afraid of a free ignite that never goes on cool down, and is always active."
"It was fair, they had an 8th prestige at the start."
"I think that Monstrata and Bearizm should collab for the ultimate PP map, like the Maniera of standard, to make every top 100 DT player's PP go up by 1000."
"Man, the internet, eh?"
"Yeah, I remember hearing about that a couple days after I got a call from my Sysco rep telling me I was going to have to come get 4 cases of chicken that they had forgotten off of my truck; no more hot drops..."
funny!
Saw this reported on ESPN during halftime of MNF and shockingly they took the side of the team in the whole ordeal.
As soon as they can listen.
this looks like a dodge dart.
But seriously this is an amazing title
"except everything having a shit ton of AS is pointless when you hit like a fucking wet noodle early game, and if you're sitting in creeps long enough to try and auto the enemy laner the creeps are gonna fuck your ass"
USA USA
Q.E.D.
Fashionable hooey.
Think they had a couple of pops together after the ceremony?
Cause no one has ever been sad like me and dammit they need to know it.
"Oh jeezus a really tall dude next to a slightly taller dude, I've been spooked, pls halp"
It's almost like you are saying that the Book of Mormon is at odds with reality.
"People can just use AM radio, books, and snail mail."
Being a girl must be hard..........
"We like to keep our bank accounts separate, sorry forgot to mention that, as we want to be able to purchase gifts for each other in discretion."
Yes the 7 foot black man is lacking in size
3x your HP + 2k dmg (T-55A)
You mean people on this subreddit dont actually work for Apple?
Forgot a
That looks expensive.
Nice.
You can literally comment this in any thread and I'll upvote it.
"Well, we wait for a full month or more anyway, what's one week more before we re-stock the bread and wine."
"Those damn steering wheels... mine has the same problem with the adhesive bleeding through the leather, mostly on the left side."
Spoiler: Some probably are children.
"Oh cool, you shot a random arrow and it got Loki, no1 has done that befoooooooooooooooore"
Go to bed OP.
There are Legacy GPs and SeaTac in November is not being run by SCG.
Thanks for helping out someone new to the game.
"I agree, all 3 lanes should be seperated by big walls and the junglers shouldn't be able to leave their own jungle."
Can I like skill with these?
I'm yet to be matched with teammates that knows about this.
And we all know how well that system works!
Top 1 because lazyness DnB - Tristam &amp; Braken - Frame of Mind (pls dont murder me) Drumstep - Pegboard Nerds - Try This Breaks - Bring the Madness' Noisestorm remix Electro - Empire of Sound Trap - Grabbitz - Friends 110BPM (this was hard) - Rezonate - Rebirth Indie Dance - Summer Was Fun - Watching House - Summer Was Fun - Run to You Dubstep - Grabbitz - Way Too Deep I don't have a favorite for the rest of the genres.
Yeah OP is being so inconsiderate right now...
Let's make it a 18+ game.
People like those are surely going to be grateful to Germany!
They should just raise the minimum wage to 100 Trillion kwacha per hour.
It's time to get the reddit army on this
Who could have possibly known that a show aimed at teens wouldn't sell children's toys?
"And if she reaches her goal of $1,000,000 she can get awareness to all women on Earth and women will care about men as people!"
"It has those crappy knock off handles that 90% of CCC's have, so DEFINITELY real."
Sounds like a crushing amount of government regulation that's only going to drive business away.
How are you not banned yet?
With your grasp of the English language and ability to ask a logical question; you are completely hopeless as a journalist.
Honeycomb or GTFO!
Gotta love injection wells!
"Hey man you're like, toxic and entitled the grumps are my friends"
Excellent refutation of the point made.
8274 Thanks OP.
Time for another intense game of Bransa AryTheon
win is the team with the higher score
Only teams on the coast
"No, you must hate 343, that's how this subreddit works"
I forgot how popular Sonos was
"No, because any joke at the expense of women is sexist"
Go home whitey.
"Yeah, I'm sure that feels wonderful."
"I'm sure you could direct us to some Marxist pamphlets so we can ""educate"" ourselves."
"GE2 as soon as MH4U for Wii U is launched in order to ""show off graphic superiority""."
But how will he do against a wrestler?
"Don't mean to burst your proverbial bubble, but he doesn't have an Instagram account."
There's still Lakers fans out there?
Yes 'cause this is the first time!
"Hey don't you know that they are all drug mules, criminals, and rapists?"
That's just your internalized misogyny sweetheart.
I wasn't going to get Anna since I didn't want her without Elsa... but I couldn't resist having them both.
"Thank you, I got it in, but that brings another question, how is the graphics card supposed to be supported?"
"First of all how dare you, evolution is just a theory"
0/10 bad chairs
A three way nuke fight between those assholes might solve as many problems as it causes.
-1 for non-drive side
Don't get me started on
"You obviously forgot ""Kyle Allen for Heisman"""
You dropped this:
144 fps you pleb
Vegan racist confirmed!
Only 60fps filthy casual
Shhhhhhh no one tell him it's not
0/10 Missing 'Evolves from' part ^^
"Downvoted because you said ""god"" without immediately adding ""don't real""."
"Everyone knows hip hop started with Kanye, old man."
"Good, then the money can go towards a real computer"
Thanks for the insight
"Free weekly skateboards, fuck yeah!"
Those last ones we call wetbacks... we don't allow their kind in if we can help it
Do explain
I'm just glad we at Reddit can take credit for solving the case!
But doesn't any of those people know the patriarchal messages they will internalize simply by playing the game?
"Im sure that was just a mistake, because we all know that Assad is the only evil in this war and this moderates would never kill innocent civilians!"
"Other than purging a good half of them, yeah, he was ok."
I'm sure we're all terribly reassured that this genius is going to be out there involved in law enforcement and damn confident in himself once he's completed whatever 5 month certification course he's in.
TIL: Poor people can get credit cards.
YOU AND ME BROTHER!
"In before ""hurr durr good riddance Peruvians"""
I've had Chase Business and Personal cards combine.
You don't get karma from self-posts...
"She ain't dead, Jim."
"Yeah, cause smites not a moba"
Thanks for the suggestions
That hair tho
Cool guild name bro.
Sounds like that motherboard wasn't even available in England to begin with.
Any series that goes past three automatically falls into this category
"so it is true then, tan fat does equal muscle"
Oh... I like jokes.
igaf when we lose though :'/
Not for hating fat people...
"Yes, which is racist."
I've never known anyone to rob a corner store for *weed* money.
Me too.
I started reading that thread but then I read about rich people in Russia who use taxis that are luxurious inside but look like ambulances on the outside so they can easily get through traffic and I just got so angry that I had to stop!
"It's so bizarre seeing fat people have a moment of athleticism, which always ends in a catastrophic fall."
Maybe I have sensitive feet.
What is a demi-girl?
Fuck you and this thread is pointless
this is why we can't have nice things.
They need to stop talking during the show and just watch.
"I thought it was a standardized test, in which case the student would never get their test back, just the scores."
I understand this reference!
Kinda ironic how Tom won in this RP.
Did you hear that Crawdaunt is being suspect tested in UU?
"Meh, just chipped my polish."
"Yeah, don't you just hate it when other people have.. *empathy*, ugh."
"some people like it, but objectively it's by no mean adult, it's as shonen as it gets, dumb as a brick"
Destiny.
I've been using the same ghetto ass $7 wire nippers I got on sale at Radio Shack 4 years ago and it shows on all my shitty builds.
I just find it weird how sensitive his lungs are considering he smokes a shit ton of weed
Because god knows Seattle is such an impoverished city.
Next assignment - cargo shipping reports for the next CG.
Never forget the
"You can mix and match those on every mount with a few exceptions, so try it out :)"
"All the more reason to just ban all semi-automatics, right?"
He's feeling like a bamboo shoot.
always.
Proof that global warming isn't real
A&amp;M is easily one the best SEC teams in College Station
"Thank you, it was one of the saddest days of my life, but I'm glad I got to be there to comfort her during her last minutes here."
"Some countries didn't have seatbelt laws when we were 9, why should our children abide by the same laws?"
"I ride my bicycle everywhere, and it's nice to get directions to places sent to my wrist so I don't have to try to navigate using my phone."
My PC is my family.
That blue color looks great on your S5
You must be so fun at parties
le constantly release music from jail man
OP has a girlfriend.
"Honestly, if you want to work for the rr, it may be worth relocating for."
Luckily this conflict can be solved simply by seizing limited amounts of territory.
*coughs* japanese-american relocation in 1942... *coughs*
"Hey, fuck you buddy who you calling a devolved idiocy?"
"Got ya added, make sure you follow the steps in other posts to get the right stuff for the modpack"
That's clearly Inside Gaming
It's just my way of showing he'd be in a different spot depending on if he's real or not.
I'm fascinated that the neighbors reported the poor condition of the grass because they didn't know 40 people living in a one-family home might be a violation of some kind.
If you jump off the garage: Do a flip!
Because it's getting pretty tough to see his hairline.
Your just fooling yourself inmate.
"I wish O gad a cool name, like a steong one.brutus, kf zom shig."
"Sorry, but if you're unable to take the case, than there's no reason for me to part out my build without trying to sell the entire thing as the case will be the hardest part to move."
I wonder what that says for Marshawn Lynch and Cal
"I never said I think it should be that way, but I could see it happening."
"Tip: Put a red circle sticker on your box, or a sign saying ""no unaddressed admail please""; the carriers will only deliver addressed mail thereafter."
"He looks like a total dad trying to sing, but he fucking nails it."
And Mario has a neckerchief
I honestly want to curb stomp whoever was narrating the whole thing.
Sure looked like it was on purpose to me.. his feet didn't even twist.. he just dove into it.
That person is called a Chef.
Vouching for the solo
It's cool but I haven't heard her
Just gonna throw out there at billy ray is not trace's real dad.
An hour is not a long time to text back.
As a thunder fan: hell fucking no fuck pat bev.
Coming to Adult Swim spring 2016
It's happening!
How fast is a mile per minute though?
There is LITERALLY nothing else you spend your money on once you pay off your loans
Socks.
Being told to add another word to their day to day vocabulary is shoving political correctness down their throats.
But his accent is hilarious!
"I don't know dude, maybe every team will move up since they'll be racking up some quality losses"
"As a Giants fan, I beg to differ"
Gotta be that Transformers game.
I thought it was a pre req for your coaches/media/players to be arrogant cunts?
You're probably white.
"Because everyone is a trangender asexual dragonkin unless otherwise specified, and even if its stated by the creators I'm still right!"
If only there was enough space for him to back out.
you mean they didn't outright ban pizza?
Tfw you realise Hotel California was about the trench all along
"Who knew these standards were in place not to help black people, but save everyone else from Asians"
This will in no way be used for warfare.
Most of my friends dissaprove
I swear we've had cum carpet before.
"Death sentences for everything dude, words are for pussies..."
yeah or he mistook the wiper stalk for the turn signal stalk as he was trying to merge back onto the track and finish the race.
"Just rest less, problem solved."
I thought the point of getting married was that you didn't have to do that for her anymore.
Ohh shiny!
How is this possible when Bernie *lost* the debate?
"'Yeah, fuck cancer and everything, just give us Dota 2 and it will solve everything.'"
"The best option would be to buy the edition that comes with the taken king and all other dlc's, you will get it at a way cheaper price than buying them separate."
Perhaps that would have benefited from an
NSFW
That's different.
so you are telling me brown cant play hockey
"Women with piercings tend to be subs... LOOOOL, ol checker..."
No they'd never lie!
Hate when this happens
"Mmmmm, processed cheeses..."
haha nice one
"Love how the commnets suggesting we should try to be fit are downvoted.Real womyn don't need to be fit for no man,he just shallow."
yeah but the gays can marry now so the world is basically over
I bet that drives nicely in the wet
"no, creating the new world order takes effort and unpaid interns"
"AMD drivers suck, AMD CPUs can't even handle Minesweeper."
Oh no!
Who uses a pc or laptop anymore?
Just think how much easier your life would be if you were homeless and didn't bother eating though!
new metagame is dem villager strats
"The scariest entity in Nashville, imo."
He clearly took a picture with his phone to send to a friend.
What the fuck did I just read?
"In other news its hltv confirmed that f0rest not on heroin, n0thing is off the crack and Snax has not taken and ketamine"
"Kam for OBJ, lets do this"
"Yeah, just like when you go to the car dealership and buy the current year's model, and then the next year when they drop the prices you get a refund!"
is this why we can never tax the top 1%?
We prefer to be called Somali fyi
Im assuming you forgot this:
"Well if people didn't want to be hated then they shouldn't have been black, gay, fat, or poor."
Upgrade it so he can stream from his Xbox faster.
"The Cavallaris are pregnant again, so you have that to look forward to."
"Considering the whole of that ""teamliquid"" gang got VAC'd, of course it's incorrect"
its already been constructed.
"One of the interns wrote ""legalize weed"" wrong on accident and now we're here"
Obviously the Barry Cisco ship!
"Sure, sounds like it"
"So long as it's against guys, gender discrimination doesn't come into play because all guys are rapists."
Why was the second season bad?
Pazuzu from *The Exorcist*
I like it.
shit likes this makes me wish we prioritized research over blowing the shit out of other countries
That's a pretty specific nerd specimen
red labial
Is it a brick ?
Yeah I'm sure you do love it.
Yeah I'm thinking that if they play good coverage on our WR then Riddick/Abdullah could have big receiving days
Real Deal Vs Head Ice would work as well
Why end here?
I hope you screen shot the conversation and keep it somewhere as proof in case something spreads
They eat bear paws
"I'm from socal, and whenever I drive up to see my friends near San Jose/Milpitas, I noticed that people are less aggressive there"
"If we ban slavery, whose gonna pick the cotton"
"If you dig in a pile of humus you find earthworms by the spadeful, If you look for weapons in the homes of people who frequent radical mosques......."
Last time nukes were used it involved a menstruating female tbh
I don't think you know how fire works.
A bro-tank?
Memorial Day
That's an awesome deal for $100.
The vampire?
Sometimes maybe
cyka blat
"The horse is already dead, put the fucking bat down."
The Char Bar has a jack fruit bbq sandwich that is tasty
"Sending you hugs, a comfy pillow, and cups of sweet chamomile tea!"
The R8 is the new revolver that was introduced a few weeks ago
"For all intensive purposes, that word played joke very well."
"get fucked ""faker jr."""
what have I done
James Cameron is directing aquaman!?
Salt
... Mascot for a climbing wall.
"Man, these are some bull fucking shit hits that the Giants are getting."
You forgot the *tips fedora*
.rar files are just compressed folders like .zip You can download an app called RAR Expander for free to decompress them
What about a Miata with an LS swap?
Now sit this guy down!
Please read the FAQ before posting this kind of question
Black spindle is exactly like black hammer just exotic
It's the new Bakken crude oil train feature!
That's one of the most overloaded kits I've ever seen.
He was just looking for a fight.
Pls be gentle ;)
Can anyone contribute to the app too?
it is still not a compensation for the earlier accessible Zhonya's and how it takes AD mids out of the game earlier.
I welcome our flying ant overlords
I thought he was dead until the end thank god.
Ahh fuck I thought the sale was today...well that sucks.
"28 in the Valley, Engineers get taken to the back and taken care of if they stick around to 40."
Wocka wocka
"I guess this is neglecting the ones that actually have valid science behind them, right?"
Maybe cause pedophiles just look like regular people till you know they fuck kids.
We're still waiting on that good season from Adam Morrison
"Same, coulda sworn i had tracklists for all my recent stuff."
Fox News
Stanley the manley
Well they do call me Sir-Mix-A-Lot
Yeah guardian entrys with an awp that is just noob gun he should use a mans gun like friberg.
There should be a subreddit with links only to articles/posts where this happens
You *must* be talking about the third one; there's *no way* it could be anything else...
Like when capitalism solved Jim Crow and segregation without any government interference?
Thanks for the advice
"there's definitely a point, same one for banning the racist user actually"
"Germany is so fucked, but hey, they want to get fucked so let them."
You played me like a damn fiddle
Done :)
"Never seen this before, very original"
Let's just bomb Mexico instead
Like we complain about Fox News but this is honestly much worse lol.
"Right now, preferably ;)"
I currently have Austin Seferian-Jenkins as my backup but I'm wondering if I should go with him or look for someone else.
How's your fedora?
Excellent feature if you ask me!
"No, we would just need to find a new pump and dump, anyone up for some $NQ ?"
At the point where I can play it with a Dualshock 2.
"We know that carbon emissions from cars are bad, but hey, we're still driving."
Did that shotgun idiot say something similar to this or am I imaging things
"Your 'daughter'....... It's okay, you can say you want one for yourself"
Surprised no one has mentioned this: Pre-gaming.
pmed you
The only difference between you and the overly attached girl is she has touched a man before
Its kinda hard for him to not see them tho.
Depends on how she feels about Muslims in our country run by a Muslim president who isn't even American!
E la pasta?
"Turkey should convert to christianity and join the EU, since they are so racist anyway."
I thought it was a bad pun as opposed to product placement.
Doesn't she know she belongs in the kitchen?
Something very odd is going on because RD and LDN indicate dietitian which is the good ones but that they don't want to be called a dietitian but instead a nutritionist which is the woo woo ones.
God 'hopes you find what you're looking for' and stuff.
Mate he's Irish born and bred
The tea party would call him a CINO (Catholic In Name Only)
given X funding over 10 years
"I don't think Ched Evans was trying, I think he just got lucky"
But Sasha is my bae tho.
Bloodcyka?
"The muslims may take our lands, but they'll never take our pork!"
"Nice, happy to see how well it went with all the bombs called in to ruin it."
Do you want something hammered out at the forge or are you just looking for the silvery black finish characteristic of wrought iron?
"Sorry he can't do that, Labour does not allow infiltrators"
"Yes, there's a reason why it's called the cheat stick."
"Thats a good cow, we're going to eat you last"
How can AI have feelings
But I thought they were freedom loving Syrians like the ones in Iraq and Libya
E.T for sure
Ok you don't need to rub it in man
Ya a good old booty to show off in you man's leggings.
I would be fine with this!
The question is how long does a smartphone's battery with GPS on work?
"I know right, I hate when people change their body for themselves, it's like come on, I don't like that, so why would you do it?"
"But guuuuuys, Age of Smegmar is really good."
But he didn't score a second so it wasn't good enough
"I dont think so, the long-ranged scanners will bring you down, i think you might have been able to do it if you had an automated reloader instead"
Inb4 he just want to change his haircut and getting out of groups is just an little addition
"No, you'd be provoking them."
Absolutely
Because they're sure gonna take this thread seriously.
"Not sure how that adds up to idiot, probably rely less on repetition and have a more solid case."
So you can get hired by Amazon to run their Mail Service obviously!
Protect the right to casual racism!
that fucking hair is spot on
Patent case from Satoshi incoming in 3..2..1..
"Anything that isn't STEM, aka the only fields that matter"
I might be interested
Meat cube is pretty easy to get on in basement one and is great for all blindfolded challenges.
They are his pubes...
BRITISH GUMMY PIGS FOR BRITISH WORKERS!
RIP team pebble is kill
That sounds like a dream.
Yes we must achieve balance ... all or nothing is balance ... sort of.
Next time I'll listen :-)
Sorry I dropped this earlier
"Nah bro, my van and pot smoking inspire me to create pamphlets at staples which will fund all those parks"
But who wouldn't want a commissar that wears nothing but a greatcoat and a smile?
"Well taking pants off leads to three year olds giving blowjobs, duh!"
3d printing has obviously failed us all.
oh snap
Stay classy meetme~
Obama.
God
How did it feel meeting Obama?
"This is a Minnesota sub, please get your hick associated out of here."
"Yeah, let's go heathstone way and only have a set of prepared positive messages."
"Patriarchy made her do it, make her president at once you cis scum."
"I think you misspelled ""states' rights"""
"Yeah, Cousins' TD:INT ratio totally proves that he really knows how to get the ball to his receivers when they are covered"
Why do you think he never came back?
typically rude cyclist
Maybe its a totally new POV comp.
Is this what people with NC1 skin look like?
"CoD Champs, we'll see ya fudgin later!"
"Nothing more attractive than passive narcissism, right guys?"
Another reason why apple is superior.
Jim Duggan?
So Rad.
Bacon - tastes great but causes cancer
I CANT FUCKING BELIEVE THIS
Have a good one!
I too was on this sub 2 years ago.
$35 AUD then
huehue
Threshold?
Much less so than the theistic ones.
'why is my nurse eating food out of the bin?'
That sounds more like it would create a black hole.
"Poor Bulls fans, having all those great Jordan years offset by Derrick Rose and his downfall and dislike."
BEHOLD MY ARMY OF DARKNESS
Ah- Paula Dean's line of E-juice I see.
Only like 3 people I've actually heard of... What a showcase of superstars
And autism
... You guys just want announcements so you can bitch some more about how it's not Battlefront 2 anyways
Or maybe some teams just tilt
Molotov anyone?
"Mother, I shall have my potatoes on the couch, then I must go to the taping."
WilhelmScream.wav
it'd have to be an amazing contrast level to make up for color shift and borderline bad response time.
But are you seeing the real comments or the toy comments?
[grinds teeth in anticipation]
"No, we just both prefer to do things other than hang out together lol"
I think I found it but I'm on mobile :\
It's the subversiveness of some of his comments juxtaposed with the internet-right-guy responses.
"Hint [you don't but it is important to know that the logician in the story does know, and still can't solve the riddle.]"
I haven't played Adept in 2 but it's amazing in 3.
Fourntfourstic.
What is your budget?
If only real life me was as quick as hindsight me!
We better go ask Bill Gates to stop them
Looks like a group of down syndrome turtles
R2-D-BOOM
"Tbh, Mike would be somebody I will invite on a whim for drinks on a Friday if he talks like that."
I feel like you have an impressive amount of self awareness about this kind of thing.
I'm super duper sorry that the dogs play area is not up to your standards
Yeah but deacon vouched for you so you're legit.
Shhhhh let me have my moment.
i think he meant to add a
"Well these 4.5 billion dollars ain't gonna collect itself you know, gotta use what you have"
Have you tried the CF doctor list in the sidebar?
109
Or first RBI.. Whatever.
The third letter of the alphabet.
"As they did exactly the same thing here too, trolls."
If the task can take advantage of the multiple cores (editing usually can do this) then the FX6300 should be superior.
When I was 13 I got a 3rd birthday card form my grandparents.
Agreed!
"Yeah, you're right, the Tauren, Trolls, Horde Pandaren and Blood Elves are super evil."
I didn't make the list :( I guess I need to oppress harder.
But we need to take stuff out of tge iRack...its to unstable
Vid in comments
"Yeah, the catcher is the problem"
Snaps and captain America.
Even I think this is bad.
Yeah because the Drug War works so well as it is
The word for not kosher is yum.
We have it just as good in Canada
mirror anyone?
"If you still lived there for two years (primary residence) and all you did was rent out a room, I don't see why you can't take the full exclusion."
"There is, but you have to bring your own sheet with a hole in it."
It's like the shit about putting the toilet seat down.
I at least hope the dude is getting a good share of the profits.
gimme a sub anytime.
"I like how you're doing different things for each female ninja instead of the stale ""mask"" face paint."
"He wanted you to know he has money, everyone knows only rich dentists get to kill lions."
Man's gotta eat.
"Aldia only shows up if you light the bonfires he shows up at and even then, you have to kill Vendrick to get him to spawn after Nashandra"
ye vac bans just come out of nothing
Uhhh that's a metaphor
You have to remember Riot games is a small game developer
That's a funny way of spelling Wawa.
"Poor dog, Steelers bot is str8 savage"
haha awsome
"it might be the way you're phraising it, as well as the fact that he mentioned he's noob"
And Silento.
Because someone playing a gamemode they like is so awful and should be punished!
Im guessing clarinet
"Seems like most employee's are treated like fodder nowadays, welcome to the future"
Damned liberals regulating construction sites... slowing down production and making them safe and all that.
"Hahaha you can tell he's thinking ""ah shit..."" by the change in the tone of his voice."
why does a playing space need to be 12 square meters?
"Nah, you're a sucker for paying more instead of supporting the cartel with your money."
I wonder if she confused an aborted fetus with a newborn infant?
I agree.
Matt Groening: Illuminati confirmed.
but it has a 8.4 on imdb so it can't be bad you h8r
Indeed
It's obviously being transformed into a Mario-themed coaster.
hehehehehuhuhuhahahahah so funny hahahahehehe
"To be fair, Hitler is a real person while the grim reaper isn't."
But I saw a movie where they killed with a spoon so it must be just like real life .
You mean the Jewish controlled enternewsement conglomerates?
"Im on my way to the doctor now, my nose is broken and sticking out of my face after slamming it into my desk."
"Yea you're right, its the super fit white knights getting upset."
is hax trust me hes using aim-*bolt*
"Yes, because a DDOS attack is totally the server's fault."
Trevor's reaction when he found out that we were going to lose our Wild Card spot for the first time since May if we lost tonight.
Re-lace their shoes so that one end is 3 inches longer than the other.
You would love ISIS then.
"Huskar knows secrets of greek fire, Invoker has geosynchronous ~~satellites~~ mirrors around dota 2 world."
"The refs knees slightly softened the blow, Clearly no supplementary discipline is needed."
Vermutlich ein fremdenfreundlich motivierter Anschlag.
"But Chernobyl, Fukushima!"
*improved graphics mod only 29.99*
The Highlanders
Cops should've asked him to drop his weapon nicely and maybe offered him a coffee and donut and the option to resolve things amicably
You forgot the
People will probably forget that this happened by then.
XD too funny LOL
Wikipedia is not a gospel of truth.
How else am I supposed to express the repressed childhood rage deep inside of my soul?
But you only get calories from fat!
"I don't know, but his name is obviously Vincent."
Literally unplayable
The horror!
"We don't need no stinking courts, we don't need no stinking legislation, my beliefs are more important than your health."
Good thing one of the few Aussie video game studios was shut down and all those people lost their jobs and are now stuck jobless in a video game development wasteland.
Obviously the Frenchman appropriated his language from the beautiful Africans!
Well he read it on stormfront so its obviously true...
Women can't be sexist.
"Yeah, His Holiness has never mentioned the plights of the Syrian Christians!"
Man.. that guys pronunciation has sure got me seriously worried about the future of the English language!
who?
Yeah forgot about that my bad :(
The refs are an inside job and only want my team to lose
VINCENT SENPAII IS THAT YOU
I dont get why you were downvoted considering you're suggesting basically the same thing everyone else is
The peace and stability he brought to Brazil during the Confederations Cup is enough to earn a Nobel Peace Prize!
It is more fun to kill animals
Sounds like a nice place to raise a family.
no pls kalcium I halp need
Thighs like that are a dead giveaway that she's Brazilian
"wtf kind of face is that nice comeback, bud!"
YOU'RE NOT ALLIANCE YOU'RE JUST CONFUSED
*sigh*
Right... because the fact that Voat obviously is suffering from the same problem of Nazi mods means we're all just dying to go there.
You forgot the
So that's why askhistorians is so terrible.
I can relate lol xD girls always tell me I'm cute and my neighbor said I'm hot (but she's not interested in me because she's an adult you know busy of course) but anyways when a girl calls me cute I'm like /.\ because just SO CUTE YOU KNOW I CAN'T HELP IT xDD sucks I was born this way sometimes because :PP it's a bit awks but whatever it's okay lol one time I even WENT TO SCHOOL WITH BREAD IN MY MOUTH XDDD I didn't even notice it happen but it was in my mouth and it was SO KAWAII I was all like :3[]
"Judging from the pic, he's definitely got an NBA ready body."
They haven't heard of [Planetary Pegs](http://planetarypeg.com) yet.
"Cause the moon landings were obviously faked to try and bankrupt the soviet union, duh."
Well I suppose that saves wear on two of the tyres.
You can remove that awkwardness for the absolutely reasonable price of $10 by buying the alternate warrior skin!
When did I miss the Xbox 369?
Dan Snyder is the smartest owner in football and has no history of being at odds with his coaching staff I have no idea why reporters would think that
"Actually, we already have this."
I don't know that staubach is a pretty big bust
"I think when he said practice, he talked about the solo Q, not the scrims"
"Asking for a friend, I'm guessing."
Redneck Bowl.
And don't forget to flex.
Ah yes... brb
"Why not, Cena isn't done burying Ryder I guess."
Stop taking the name of lord Ram in vain
Dude that's shitty of your sisters.
quiet leader i suppose.
So much camber bro.
Laziest camouflage ever.
"Any dog under 50 pounds is a cat, and cats are pointless"
Kinda seems more FBB territory with her.
Because having long hair can be easily fixed and is a part of the body.
Don't forget to uncheck that sly macafee rideware
Who do you consider to be a doom counter?
I'm sure there 's an audience for that.
Well then find a job that doesn't require to follow a secular definition of your religious beliefs.
But... You're inside the movie studio are you not?
"Maybe, but your ears are nearly invisible..."
Knowing greed they wont pay him back.
The title makes this Dairy Queen seem so badass.
"No, Hitler."
"Hey, if the new users are up for it, why not?"
"Yeah, in The Marine potato salad jumps out everything seconds before it exploded."
Why?
"She was there, fighting Master Yi."
"Ohh now I get it, thanks for clarifying"
Damn I'm dumb as shit and even I know you don't put anything on the sprinkler lines.
"It's false, all of it"
They were off in the details but then they were on in the game and the input lag is REAL.
"Don't ever do a ""blind experiment"" on your parents or siblings, they'll just dismiss it immediately."
Are you saying they are doing as great as Fnatic at their peak when every other team wasnt unstable as shit?
Or 10 people total
Link?
"Choose between them moving their thumbs or moving their mouth, your choice."
"FYI there is a TAPP as well, (or something like that) its the equivalent Atlantic to the pacific partnership."
Fixed!
yeah because pressing button8 is so much simpler
And nothing tastes better than burnt garlic
It is only airing in Canada...
Royal hunter +doge v2
"Mystic Eyes of Death Perception, hands down."
I've seen a lot of support from Belarus(as in regular people) for Ukraine through this conflict.
He's and Irish-Mexican Commie
Doesn't mean you asked to exist.
It stops bastion from being a free de-agress button which would be pretty broken.
"Just stick a pointy pebble in your boot, problem solved."
"History, all the republicans swapped and became democrat blah blah blah etc etc"
God forbid drug addicts have a little personal responsibility.
I thought I'd get liquored up and drive around town until I hit something.
"3BLN is the price of the rent, not the sale price of the property :P"
"Ah, sorry, I get what you mean~ yea, I guess maybe it makes the install faster -"
it'll probably cost an arm and a leg.
Save....The Margwas!
I actually have some vita games and I may trade one a for Battlefield Hardline maybe.
They couldnt that last week?
Go shrimping.
You forgot the
Do you seriously not understand the metaphor?
"Who cares if she had lied about just about everything she ""says"" she cares about."
"2 faerie charms, 3 mana pots and 3 health pots IIRC"
holy shit thats hilarious and sad at the same time
Why don't you just put their dicks in your mouth while you're at it?
TdF only means one thing to me - and it isn't motorsports.
"I hope you moved, you fuck"
Can you give me Cowboys plz?
"All involuntary human interactions: rape, murder, theft, coercion (including government variety), etc."
"I have no words to state other than these: ""To anyone against the concept of vaccination: I hope you die of measles."""
aura can reflect dust bullets really well but i don't think a dust propelled speed semblance accelerated blade big enough to cut a person in half would be blocked by someone's aura unless they're as strong as a giant nevermore and even then you saw what happened to it.
"Okay then, thanks for looking anyways"
*flash* Well folks just some swamp gas.
"Yeah, as a long-time Halo canon fan I also enjoyed the way a couple of S4s were literally facerolling an entire covenant army like it was nothing."
NA HAS THE SALT THEY ARE ALMOST THE WORST THERE IT'S SNOWING ON MOUNT FUJI
ITT: Overreaction.
Weirdest locks ever
This is almost as dumb as the request a week ago for a tweak that could tell if your finger is hovering over the screen.
Yeah...just coincidence.
"Considering how much I suck at bowling, watching that was mind blowing."
"B-b-but, Australia has higher minimum wage!"
She'll use her hamster to rationalize it as being best for the baby when all she really wants to do is cuck the beta bucks who's got the most bucks to beta for her.
If I was green I would die
"Was his fedora appropiately tipped, as is tradition?"
"Actually, the death penalty historically costs more than life sentences due to time on death row and mounds of red tape."
You know you liked it
"Wow, it has been so long that I forgot the manga back then, while still looking brilliant, just doesn't compare to the art now."
He should have complied with the officer's orders.
I'm sure the backups are just as good as Dez
U mad because i may have killed you ?
See also: Ben Roethlisbergr
"Hey, but at least we're not North Korea!"
same year as crysis but way better graphics shameful 8/10
"With that guy from mainland China we signed, we can dominate both of the Chinas!"
"It's particularly funny to me that you can express the sentiment ""act your skin color,"" call it fighting against cultural appropriation, and large numbers of racists who are too stupid to even realize they're racist will jump in on your side."
Oh but that's not an acceptable form of *scientific* observation.
Yeah that'll help.
I mean as long as the first born is a boy who cares
Obviously was his ar performance on parliament
Cause then they would have to make the stage wheelchair accessible
Nigel Good
"TIL ""fuck her right in the pussy"" makes the ladies fawn if your hair is done just right."
You forgot your
didn't you hear racism is over because obama was elected and policy brutality is a thing of the past and you are just trying to start a war on cops
"You guys are just jealous cuz you can't ""create your own imagination"""
That's just her female prerogative!
I hope he made the pics for his facebook while he still was global.
"Ah, the old ""leech karma off trolden vids-aroo"""
"Lol, is that in Wisconsin or Iowa?"
cant upvote this enough
"Nah man we don't, please elaborate"
"They had Fox, Captain Falcon, Little Mac, and Marth"
Smooth as eggs.
"And let's face it, all these car wrecks are more than likely eliminating some of the less intelligent population..."
The Lions aren't comfortable playing with a lead.
florida has more freedom than the rest of america apparently Florida #1 state?
"It would seem the better questions isn't why snakes *still* exist, but whether snakes had legs or not before this curse."
Yeah but then you'll have to drop your resolution to 640X480 to make it work.
"met the October quota, that means no more goals the rest of the month"
"Right, because there's no way my point is valid."
Hamplanet?
No fuck you for having your own opinion.
Can't wait for that Bape to the Hundreds collab
Revenge for the game that made Patrick Roy leave Montreal
"But as long as the biker learned his lesson, that makes everything ok."
Yeah you're the person I've heard talk about him getting a mf.
Either that or consumes them and gains health from the remaining orbs.
Defense
You forgot
"Idk man, he basically said she was too ugly."
lol just run some strikes man
Smells like Ram Spirit.
Topic title.
Generalizing is okay when it's people you don't like!
"She never responded to this, or at least not public, but it is wildly speculated she wrote ""I almost do"" about him."
"I can't agree with him being superb, he is only the third best player on Fnatic after all."
"you are now aware that there is only one person, just different poses and photoshop."
Do you still have it?
Jesus
You put the lime on the cow and the stench will give up.
But I though that the PC Master Race was always about nazis
"Well, thanks for just giving Trump your vote."
Finally an opportunity to try some Buffalo Wild Wings for $7!
Start a new account?
Your grandfather caused the holocaust
"News flash, woman can't make up mind."
Excellent creativity on the marsh logo there!
"Someone who lifts jugs, duh"
thanks for responding!
"Look forward to hearing about our bad ""discipline"""
"It's about time, I've been holding off on playing this game until some gold sellers showed up."
Hope OP has the money to cover the tax
A man didn't see
I was just wondering since it's a server case and I'm sure next to no servers are based on MITX.
I don't converse with redditors unless they have at least 200k karma like me.
Cine a auzit vreodata de tepe la service-uri?
Sounds like you have a bootleg windows install.
"That means she doesn't have to exercise, right?"
"Careful, I hear buschwhackers bite!"
100% positive feedback...seems legit
Thats why we are currently genociding all the Germans.
What site is that so I can avoid it?
"I oppose blacks having equal rights, but that doesn't make me racist"
"Yeah how dare CLG fans want to celebrate winning a very competitive LCS split, don't they know TSM is better because they won in the past?"
Maybe he's Just a fan of Ramsay Snow/Bolton.
Machida is a can
Leave it to the Ruskies to build only approximately two tenths of an airport and call it a day.
Why Tiny lil Heart :( I thought i had big heart Explain Like Im 5 Pls
Amazing how many people who film police brutality end up getting arrested soon after by complete coincidence
"of course not, rank is all that matters"
The commercials on BBC annoy you ?
"I tried autism once, but wasn't strong enough"
Vegans should be forced to eat meat
Didnt think they knew that word
Glad to see you date quality men.
Aches
I believe hyperv has a guest extensions type thing that can be installed.
You might cut someone with that edge!
and its certainly not for yandere archetypes.
that's because Catholics are unwashed liberals
Well you're gonna need help for the last bounty step too so try to find people in similar situation and plan a day to bang it out Or hunker down and change your crucible strategy to grind it out in a few hours Fireteams subreddit probably best bet although I don't see 360 posts very often 360 subreddit or bug your online friends?
I cannot believe how low the bar has been set in this sub.
Don't forget the zombie monsters in the sewers.
"Typical American, obsessed with stats, as if that tells the whole story."
I wish every tweak requester was at least 1/10 as generous as you are!
"But we can't have proto-RNAs and proteins bouncing up against each other, that's commie science!"
"To be fair, you're comparing a polished set with something that was cut from a podcast."
"AoT, WA2, Clannad, all get more praise than its worth from the fanbase"
FUUUUUUUCK THAAAAAAAAAT
"Yep, done :)"
But that has no implications about his future fitness.
and dat kanye cameo
So....everyday treatment then?
As if I would stop muah ha ha
"Okay, I think a lot of people interpreted 'earn' as 'deserved from their hard work' in the context of what you were saying."
I'm..Ron..Burgandy?
"Thank god you pointed that out, phew, I totally couldn't read that sentence..."
"so charming, how were you able to resist"
"Running KDE, ah that explains why the programmers built a sentient AI to wipe out humanity then... ;)"
"No it doesn't, you're just stupid."
I voted!
Head on over to r/buildapcforme and they'll get you sorted out.
December 25th 2014 was the first delivery of the A350
"Exactly, just being able to produce more means very little if you can't do it at a competitive price."
You should wear a Pressiah button pin on your shirt so that Redditors might recognize your position IRL.
"I'm gonna ask her on Tuesday, ill let you know."
Thank you doctor for your outstanding analysis of the situation
"As opposed to male cheaters, who are always forth right about infidelity."
"Oh wow, my uncle always tells me stories about Mr Reggie Iwata Miyamoto and how they started the company."
Excellent piece of art!
"Empty, and become wind."
"Those four players are good riflers, ptr is bad with rifles and I'm not sure about fl0m."
"Well my office is always losing spoons, maybe they're teleporting to your house."
[](#Lewd)
"That's 50k properties, not people."
"Which, obviously, makes them less human and more prone to violence, like animals, right?"
PRAISE THE VOID!
"Happens to me all the time, I think it's actually adrenaline that makes your hands tremble like that!"
mods are bad mhkay
Boy there's a hefty spoiler right there
"They aged Ned and other characters, why would it be a surprise if they aged Dayne?"
More like 0.5%
Think Russell Crowe But with an S at the end
mediatek to the rescue!
I sexted and exchanged pics with the girl I lost my virginity to before getting laid.
GET OUT
Hopefully hanging out with this guy I'm seeing but I have a feeling his interest is waning :/
"Good beer does not have to be expensive, and that $27 bomber may taste like shit."
I wish Heroics dropped 645 gear and LFR dropped 630.
Never made that connection before but it definitely fits the M.O.
"Right, because classrooms are so big and have so many empty desks it is possible to sit by yourself."
Fuck pollard
Two Become One.
Does that mean it can fix your hearing?
So much for being secretive.
"That poor child will be traumatized for life after seeing these disgusting, perverted women expose their BREASTS in public!"
"He is a keeper, so lets hope he never wears blue"
"The same reason white lawyers do, duh!"
How very Christian.
They should add the hexcrest and focus sight to wyverns!
Implying that this whole game isn't just going to be promlg sniping.
"It's like it's impossible for someone to have forgotten to charge their phone over night, or impossible for people to get up at different times of day."
"Yeah, some of the nicest people I've ever met hated gay people"
"yes, but shittin' in the woods is a freaken art."
WD 40 that shit
As a USC mod you always have to be prepared for cases where a disgruntled player wants to shank you
NO ONE WHO WOULD APPRECIATE IT CAN HEAR YOU
"C'mon dude, the feminazis made life hard for everyone!"
Well there's another glitch In this game!
Because putting your energies into your own family and advancing your own agenda is not selfish.
"Yeah, because doing things in a way what they want, how they want, when they want, just like a console, it's 100x better!"
Eu timezone is not more scary than Eu servers.
"but socialists wear red clothes, and our army is clad in greens and browns, the colors of money."
You know someone takes their shit seriously when their subs are bigger than their wheels.
Bilbo Baggin's library.
Are you part of le Reddit army?
No it's people who want to preserve their strong historic European traditions.
4 consecutive wins by 18+ is pretty marginal
It's genetics you cis scum!
And Benghazi; don't forget Benghazi!
Sits there until we get achievement system that JP has.
"Freedom should be limited, and prejudice should be enforced if we want liberty for all."
Don't you know that the Koch brothers want America to burn!
enough until the world accepts that they are all special snowflakes.
This one hurts me the most.
PENIS!
Well to be more accurate they just decided that putting effort into the chain for a couple more years before it paid off wasn't worth it and pulled out.
"A bunch of people have it, but no one likes the attention of ""world first"" so they just keep it in their vault and don't tell anyone."
Goku or megaman other gtfo
Because it's literally impossible for this teacher to not sexualize former students
But isn't China ultra-capitalist and communist in name only?
Good advice but username makes me question your credibility since Jesus was obvi dyel
Common core
"I'm glad we were able to have intelligent discourse, thank you for your contribution."
How'd you get the Charizard amiibo early?
Looks like we're done here.
YEE
Maybe we should all conform to their nonhetero-non cis and superior ultra matriarchic lifestyles!
Were they out of lightsabers again?
That's why i purposely stay in silver
Im sure they are doing it to make the Israelis look bad.
I broke a rib laughing
"Oh Cheney, never change"
This film dedicated to the memory of Waggleton P. Tallylicker.
Get off so I can download it!
"Thanks for pointing that out, I had no clue what he was trying to say."
TIL Islam isn't a dude!
"The cleaning lady, duh."
"Because dota does,and we don`t want anything to do with dota."
Wow that was hilarious!
yeah and if we balanced that with a progressive income tax on the wealthy they would all leave the state
I can be a ninja if I want to goddammit!
"Yeah, but in the movie we are laughing at Charlie cause what guy wouldn't want Jennifer Anniston trying to rape them right?"
Yeah journalists are notoriously well payed.
Lol probably because 3n1 is so damn awesome...
DAE think Manning is being carried by CJ Anderson and is just a game manager?
Damn aimbot users...
It is the perfect addition to your 3 Thunderbolt-9s dropdeck.
3DPD
PHEONIX Wright
That match between the rock and mankind though....
"joking, should've put"
Ya even just another 15 minutes would be nice.
Every account on reddit is a bot except you.
Versteeg would have kept it and tried to deke in and shoot.
ignorance is bliss
Bro its against the law for a man to hit a woman
Right wing people in GG is about as much of an infiltration as SJWs in gaming.
"Ah, the libertarian paradise."
This guy needs a hug :(
"According to the signs in the image, it was taken in or near Jacksonville."
You win
"Efficient, I like it."
Acid and Alt-J always mix well
"Get out of here with this logic, LeBron is a BABY and that's all that matters."
Jesus: you think they're making any money at all?
But not quite as smelly as diff oil.
Gay guys put hamsters in their ass all the time!
cool thanks!
"All hatin' aside, this is dope."
That's a pretty packed house for a day game.
It's different when it's mates playing with each other.
I always suspected that Apple was responsible for the fall of man...if we'd just used PCs like God intended we'd still be in the garden of Eden.
But what do they have against you ?
It's only good if you're taking advantage of the 1 item timing to blow up buildings with the Sheen activations.
"True, poverty never existed before 2000."
"If you are buying gold for security, paper gold literally isn't worth the paper it's printed on."
Not that great.
"Maybe you shouldnt stand in front of the group of guys in highly visible red coats, big hats, and guns then..."
But now how will we ever move Dion?
I don't believe you for a second
But le FeelS!
I'm sure he won't be corrupt at all.
"I hope all the bad things in life happen to you, and nobody but you."
I'm glad that you're respecting the rules of this thread.
Lemme just bring the TV in the subway
"Yeah, because Pao is directly censoring everybody, oh my guh"
It was so people could trade anglefire accounts without being tracked by the FBI.
Seems like a lot of people are becoming interested in Runescape again
Didn't I play with you the other day?
huehuehue
Using bullets is also cheese
"Yeah, except for the fact that making a realistic CGI animal costs several tens of thousand dollars."
"You really are grumpy this morning, huh?"
Lmao
Glad to hear I wasn't the only person who almost threw up when that cover went all over Twitter.
Do you think water should be a human right or something?
Oh cause obviously babies fix everything
I think the White Mantle did whatever the Mursaat told them to do.
I thought it meant 'a big mistake'
This feels like it's mocking them
"Poor guy, has to ride for a living :("
"Buffalo Trace, Bulleit Bourbon and Rye, Four Roses Small Batch, Maker's Mark, and what ever your personal favorite is, provided itss not on this list."
"White America is finally waking up, that's what's happening!"
Arcane missiles for mana worm powerup aswell.
"Well, if they can be wrong about *that*, then surely they're wrong about *this*."
The Saturday Night Live 40th Anniversary Special wins Emmy's from the beginning... then loses them somewhere in the middle.
Rule 7?
at least its not fuckin' clete
"Dude, categories of identity are sooooo last decade."
"When your dad said there was no way on earth I could date you, he left me no other option."
I don't really feel like I can take credit for that though.
Found the fattie!
Because it's inconceivable that a pretty woman could be faithful to a man
"What, you don't like my MIDI of Kryptonite by 3 Doors Down?"
"Nah, google ""football hooligans;"" and by football I mean soccer."
Well that's going to be fucking riveting isn't it?
This is stupid and not funny.
"i don't doubt that there is a desire to trade down, but i don't know if we'll realistically find a trade partner"
"Reddit, duh."
Maybe she was actually going through a nazi phase?
"Yeah, and while they're at it why not just only hire white people, since white people are clearly better."
Impying the US got culture
I think he's referring to the leading the league in pass deflections and having 5 interceptions
Why?
"Goats, not crows."
"I'm rational, level headed and mature."
Following with the trilogy let's call it Cinco ;)
But the game would be so short if its moving at 200 FPS.
"Yeah man, the addition of one of the best centers in the league wouldn't mean much for our team"
"Perhaps his issue is just that, nothing is happening."
shut up your better off with the new coverage you tea partying facist
Sticks and stones may break my bones but words can never hurt me...I wish that world still existed.
Fake it till you make it bro
"Yeah, I hardly ever see him on TV anymore... It'd be cool to have him at something besides house shows."
"its vwah-lah, in case you were wondering"
No where in the history of Australia have we supported criminals coming here.
Nah dude if we don't all have omega speedy pros and rolex subs you're doing something wrong
Now don't quote me here but I'm pretty sure Kirin is an REM only card.
Because buying less junk food gets really expensive
Forgot to put
"Gay people shouldn't give orphans (of any color) loving homes either because they're all perverts, deviants and pedophiles!"
Sean Avery
Honestly I can't understand why people get so upset with me when I start doing dumbbell shrugs in the squat rack.
Where's it from?
Man how dumb would that be!
Yeah because that will really take away all the options for weapons..
It's for science!
Interesting how the crater gets bigger and moves after it forms.
Why did he drop support of gamergate?
"The man was talking about Europe, not Northern North Africa or West Russia!"
What about the other 9 players?
"Well, they wouldn't want to create a hazzard on the freeway!"
Wow never seen this on here.
Ofc your all toxic so need like 15 accounts each to be able to constantly have one account unbanned
"No one else in the world actually works for their money, yanno!"
"You guys this is all the Jews doing, MUSLIMS ARE PEACEFUL PEOPLE, LETS OPEN OUR BORDERS SOME MORE AND LET IN ALL THE DIVERSITY"
*where
Well... at least the gaming community would be totally understanding either way!
Cause anti-infantry shells are exactly what we need!
"Oh man, it's hilARIOUS when dudes are gay."
Pretty much
9gag
AAP should follow BJP election funding tactics - just dont disclose where the money comes from - problem solved !
because a blue katowice sticker looks great on a redline?
"Gee, I wonder why?"
Poor thing &lt;3 hope you feel better soon!
"Ya, I mean its not like da kid was waterboarded..."
Classic
"Ya they're last descendants, the elephant are doing well..."
"Don't worry, there's some fun stuff to do in Iowa."
She's wearing shoes?
and that's why the banks don't have to either :)
ITT:
"I was on a solo hike, imagine my creeped-outedness."
nah they could have been christian rabbis
Yea you don't sound hostile at all
It might just be me but he seems a little upset.
"No, it helps..."
JLS makes some pretty reliable and top tier AEPs
"If there's anything this game needed, it was another way to kite melee champions."
relevant flair ?
I know I was here before I bought the game and taking notes on what to look for months down the line.
How nice of them.
What a shit roster UOL are definitely better candidates for IEM
But why take away the fun of race-baiting and 24 hour MSM coverage?
Any time the facts don't hurt *muh feelz*.
An asshole on reddit....don't see one of those everyday
"You're a nice person, from your post history I'm glad you take so much time out of your day to post such delightful things."
"Yeah, net neutrality, piracy and bittorrent are all related."
yeah but doing so on reddit is SO COOL.
It's a masterpiece you dirty swine!
"Yes, and how fucking dare you implicate that it shouldn't be."
Must be a poor seller.
[Time]
"Yeah except eggs and milk are still obtained by the *oppression of animals, maaan*"
Yes because I'm the customer and I bought this game thinking it'd be perfect on release.
Smoooooth
Gay as what.. gay as spraying man love of you?
"Yes, it would."
Pee sitting down.
try that shit at Hutton Orbital...i wanted to murder after that
i think the racket too far up the leaf
"WOW NO WAY, I NEVER KNEW THIS"
1618 At the speed of light!
well maybe we can demand tighter pesticide laws on a national level then
The only thing thats missing are the 12yo's wo slept with my mom.
"New Day, since they won more matches against than they lost, but still got passed over for the titles anyway"
Isn't that the movie where they used CGI to reduce the size of her breasts?
That actually kinda makes halfway sense.
"You should try and do it at the Tomb of Oedon if you haven't gotten Rom yet, there's another hunter and it makes it easier to kill her."
no please dont.
When everybody is looking for a government handout...
I realised it seems absurd to spend 52 hours each year to worship a god that may or may not exist.
TIL people go to weddings just to dance.
Won: I lose weight easily Lost: I gain weight easily
It also makes a wind up sound.
yeah but IS HE BEING DETAINED!
"It'd help if you could transfer organic matter, Get the Robot Suits!"
"They didn't want to leave and have a go at being the man on their own teams, because the championship window was too big and too wide."
Something and gold?
"My god, your verbiage is infuriating."
"So after playing it, when they get out of prison.. they'll always stand up when asked 'will the..'"
"I've found a house I want to buy, but my flat isn't really ready to sell yet."
That is a sweet wedding look.
"I mean honestly, looking back at the picture that's just ridiculous."
"Yeah that's the problem, because it was a paradise before that."
If I took a shot for every time I heard that excuse I'd be drunk as a motherfucker
Clearly the devs' bias is showing.
OP pls save ur mom
You're disgusting.
You may just be unique in the mulitverse.
This is fucking outstanding
Well obviously American lives are worth 1:50 compared to other people
Good.
"But then she woulda had $100,000 worth of zits on her face or something."
It was
"I like the linesman in the background closely analyzing the goal to ascertain whether or not it's a goal, after its bulged the side netting and the back of the net... but did it cross the line?"
Found the fatty
Guiding Light
"wow, that was good."
He must of bought the dad starter kit years ago!
"* Cum on the floor * I'm a virgin guys :( * Bring that ass here ma Jesus Christ, this guy needs a life more than I do, and that's saying something!"
its intentional and happens to everyone.
I expect a Nat 5 tomorrow
What was the headline?
"oh please, oh please, oh please, oh please, etc., etc, etc..."
Because supporting free speech means supporting the speech being spoken.
"When summer starts, open it."
sounds good
sooo....Hardy?
Are you Emilia Clarke?
"I'm pretty sure this is from one of Vinny's streams, on Vinesauce."
I think he's talking about the gummy bears dude..
That was all Hitler though.
You can't get to #20 before **literally** turning into a panda!
Minnesota has 1 used Backstrom if you want.
TIL 2006 - 2014 = positive number
LOL go back to SRS
"Do it for the vine, and actually it was default, not aussie"
Can you be my brother?
While we are at it let's try diablo 3 and torchlight.
"Nothing, it was a 467 mi deadhead."
"It's a bit hard to get into, but games like Meridian ease the transition."
Thank you I love you
beer and coffee have water in them so he's good
They were super subtle on that one
"Seriously, I'd loooove to see this thing do a quick pull."
And clearly you've watched the livestreams with the most unbiased of minds.
What happens when one of these astroids named for a great person who pushes peace gets hit into a collision orbit and threatens to kill us all?
Yeah I'm sure those will be the exact same people
Nice evidence bro.
All of the rito pls posts contain the best ideas so league would of course be amazing!
Dumba55 in action
No that's Vanek
3edgy
Why not give the jackdaw an ECM bonus while we're at it?
Dave Davidson is the man
I think it means it's 12:34.
At least the Angels can win game 7's against the Giants.
"What can I say, I just love her."
"Don't bother... the tin foil hat has be donned, the guilty has been declared so why waste your time with logic and debate."
Wow he served it to them straight
"Yea, Russia is doing great!"
"Yeah, the USA/USSR had no chance in matching the mighty industrial capacity of the Third Reich, right..."
Fodder for 7*
"Live in Eugene, can confirm."
Forgot the
"I said odd *year* Nats, not odd *years*"
and what has Cameron done for her or people in her situation?
Archery is impossible!
The pattern of behavior... Yep she is qualified.
"Yeah, also don't forget that one is a grown adult and the other is a group of immature, emotion-filled kids."
Acne appropriation has gone unchecked far too long
"you mean the infallible argument that he's a ""neckbeard fuckwit"" doesn't resonate with you?"
But your missing out on the cinematic feel
"By PEDs, I assume you mean 'chicken &amp; steak'..."
thx for the warlock and rogue nerfs.
in other words: popcorntime
I fucking love RT haha
"The big question is when is his shoulder going to be fully healed, how much/when can be begin throwing again, and how well it will hold up once it continues getting hit."
The same thing that makes me good at running marathons [I've never run a marathon]
So the Chinese just found out about them?
Yeah banning half of NA's top players would really help the scene grow
Tim Sherwood has something like 50%...
Haven't seen that combo before!
"Don't squish it though, you are literally murdering babies and they are self aware at this stage."
"No, tell us how you really feel."
"Yeah, it's best if we just never believe any rape victim because they're all just lying."
Just do what everyone else does: Drugs!
"Considering that basically all my karma is from SRD, I think that applies to me too."
"Because everyone knows that Rainbow Road will beat songs like Blossom VIPs, because that's the only thing Au5 makes"
The value of a 'MURICAN temperature is absolutely greater than a commie temperature
"This proves that climate change is a scam to pad the pockets of rich researchers, of course."
"Using my advanced powers of deduction, it seems like hating gays leads to running a quality establishment."
But if smash DI were strong again then multi- jab combos would be useless!
fat people don't have boyfriends or girlfriends in the first place
She's literally starving.
"The mud is the lotus, as a Buddhist might say."
"You do have to look out for other people, they're out to get you."
Because Cena is the head writer and has final say in everything production wise.
That's how The character Garth kisses in Wayne's World
Whatever gave you that idea?
No one's said children?
"The state totally cares about us and has our best interests at heart, just look at how they treat the ones that put their lives on the line to further it's agenda."
What you're trying to tell me is that I need to convince teams to 7hr0 for the W?
Battery life is overrated.
Some more peaceful Palestinians.
I wish I was here earlier to warn you to ^stop ^^while ^^^you're ^^^^ahead.
Lol how about 'Hail Satan?'
BUT SEAT BELT BURN THO
It depends on what you definition of *a* is.
"Yeah, who wants to honor the wishes of the child?"
He just wanted you to get down with the sickness OP
Man PC gaming is expensive.............
The next essay will reveal this to be true.
Why is this tagged as a spoiler?
conclusive evidence that he cheated and thats why his team beat beat fnatic
"Yes, as soon as owl comes into the game Undertaker will be useless."
But why do that when you can make sarcastic remarks and make people feel like shit.
"Chameleon, you can be Chinese when you want, and whatever else when its convenient for you."
Do cunts look different in Australia?
Well fam said it it must be true
"Calm down Satan, wait for the Warrior changes to stop fucking us first"
"Yes, my uncle works for Nintendo and he confirmed it for me"
Well he wasn't trading his organs and blood for heroin so really who gives a shit about him he barely even struggled
"You'll change your tune, when all of Ireland sinks slowly below the sea and the entire country is drown like in the days of Noah."
"Daryl Hannah, anyone?"
Like me
The LBS guy was able to install shims in my wife's Shimano levers that brought them in closer.
Mike Scott goin off on a FRIDAY!
Nice!
The cheaper version has a batman themed wallpaper.
Amazing what happens when you actually change your policy in accordance with public opinion.
perhaps something was in the water they were drinking.
This is how people get shot and/or stabbed in America.
"Pfft, around here you can get a whole box of ziplocs for like $6.25 You can even biggie size it for only $2 more."
*sip*
This guy gets it.
"It's like this: * Packers played games in Milwaukee since 1933 for financial reasons * Milwaukee built stadium to lure a MLB team and try to get the packers full time in 53 * That spurned ~~packers~~ City of Green Bay (via referendum) to build new City Stadium in 57 (later renamed Lambeau Field after Curly Lambeau died in 65) * Until 94, they played at least 1 game there every year * Lambeau expansion in 94 made it better to play in Lambeau * Former Milwaukee ticket holders were offered tickets at Lambeau to one pre-season game and games 2 and 5 of the regular season schedule, in what is referred to as the ""Gold package."""
From the main menu there are other tutorials there.
Rodger Goode is GOAT decision maker.
"If you crammed a million dicks into yours for a lifestyle, it'd look like that too"
"I'm sure they could, but I doubt they catch that info."
It's called Youtube and their wonderful compression systems
What if she has a diesel
tristam lp
One of my jobs I load golf bags and wash carts I get a lot of 1's (normally around $3 to $7 worth)
I wasn't impressed by Fingolfin challenging Morgoth so much as Fonglofin wounding Morgoth.
"There's been a lot of discussion about how the announce team will have to, at some point, establish that he created it."
"I can work the computer, radio and soon I'm taking a report writing class with the department so I'll be able to type up the minor reports"
"There were many game changing updates, the video couldn't be short"
I half expected Japanese Zero pr0n (never thought I would use *that* word here)
"Geologist here, can confirm that Japan and Nepal are very far apart."
"To be honest, I'd probably fuck it up"
"If I were you, I'd worry more about buildings that had bedbugs."
in thy mercy
It really feels like an attempt to flush all the unsold chips.
I guess it was just too much truth for dem libtards to handle
"Saying we should just l2parry and give up our havelynn is classic ableism, Shitva of the East"
OUTRAGEOUS
"I was always enjoy watching his matches, but it just kills me when he wins his matches as ""Super Cena"""
"OP here, can confirm"
"Damn, I know the M's organization is frugal but that's pretty disappointing."
Looks realistic.
Steven and the Black Knight
Thank you for the kind words and wanting to talk about this like adults
"When your wheel logos are on ball bearings, such that they are upright at all times, you pay no mind to the limitations placed on the peasants."
Your not supposed to mention that.
Oreos
"Dunno, man, I always have bluetooth headphones put on if I go somewhere."
"People cursing and yelling at me in chat about how I suck and should delete the game really helped me to refine my skills, focus, and learn."
Some people really need that
The chowke looks like a modern interpretation of 80's design.
tits or gtfo
"But if he did that, he'd have to admit to being human and not a robotic killing machine."
So bad
"Ah, forgot to mention, i've seen patches, downloaaded them, but idk how much they helped or not really, i never had that many problems with the game to begin with"
EXPAND
does that mean we get a road to the winter classic as well?
You forgot this
kill all the mexicans ^^^^^^^^
"Yea, but...we're the greatest country in the world."
Or OP's sis is getting a lot of dick pics...
So what we need is more families like the duggars?
Found the fatty!
"Hey, I can bench 400 lbs, so I can totally take him"
"Eww :) The doctor said it was bigger than usual, so I guess I'm very potent"
"Yea, that centos phone will be coming any day now..."
GOG is working on implementing that if they can just get some studios impressed with their numbers of indies sold
"Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying."
BUT THE INDUSTRY HAS JUST STARTED GROWING UP THIS YEAR!
"lest we forget can also be interpreted as ""don't let those bastard politicians drag us into another war"""
OK then.
#somelivesdontmatter ....luv it
"NATO prefers land based options, the ones slowly creeping in on russia."
"That's not a glitch, you're just that unlikable."
You mean you don't want to learn Jimi Hendrix instead?
"I read this as ""some hammocks of mine built a tower of friends"" lol"
"Not OP, but guessing he is talking about possibility to get 16x IP when full 5man premade."
She doooo
You forgot
Anarchy is so much more peaceful.
There's more than a title?
You'd probably feel refreshed and born anew after executing him.
"Sounds like the avs, but they never slowed down either!"
"don't see when people will stop being annoyed though It'll probably take a front page post for an employee to say ""yo, lets just change this"""
Why when you have that cat you can custom.
"I do not see us sweeping Alabama on the road, but here's to hoping."
Just like the NYC Subway and the path right guys lol
If the things I laugh at by myself are the things I find actually funny and not just social nicety I'm not sure if I'm ok with my sense of humor.
thank you
"yeah, I'm sure you're going to find something with this post"
This would never happen if we played on the European schedule.
"Yes, I too love hairs in my drinks."
"Yes, everyone knows that sami are POC."
"damn you hid your username, now I can't hack you for it"
I regret nothing.
Air soft but sure.
This was so painful
Just buy another
Just put Jo at the 1...
What do you mean you don't remember every nuance to the rules in this game?
M'lady doesn't like fedoras and neck beards?
im trying to track one down in a store right now
Clearly you're in the wrong for not starting the game at lv 30.
Nailed it.
"Well, yeah; I mean, what kind of lady resists the temptation of a man who takes her to a romantic date at a McDonald's?"
Very likely so.
"Correct me if I am wrong, but it is starting to look like *not* getting vaccinated leads to severe stupidity."
"You're not you when you're hungry, Jack"
Sorry
Oh no we were called fat by a redditurd he surerly got us where it hurts!
No Britain 5/10
"shit man, got his number?"
"but he was ""the greatest president who ever lived"""
why no medal.
I'm sure laundering billions for drug cartels and terrorists had NOTHING to do with the likelihood of these banks receiving an audit.
Bhopping is a healthy mechanic and Valve should buff it
"I know, I hate successful people too."
Space communists... of course!
thanks for the sage advice.
As long as it is not my son!
Absolutely shocking that he would end up with Marrone
Well everyone will think you are a filthy casual and you will most likely be deleted from many peoples friends list for being some 31 scum
Something something Karma fof cheating #cheatriots#eflategate
"Great, SRS will finally be pulled"
"How many autisms do you have, though?"
But regulation will mean that everyone is paying more
Won't have as good a camera as my Lumia 1020 ;)
Man you should do comedy.
Fuck u pc masterpeasnt lol
"Just like you don't ""need"" cities, technology, troops or buildings."
"I really hope that both teams win today.If not ,Werder Bremen will show them next season"
Checkmate atheists.
"I can't decide if this deserves an upvote or a downvote, so I'll just do neither."
Because mudze is wrong and must be fixed.
"Yeah, that's why France still has a monarchy and all."
Pls I can bake cookies
I can't wait for them to update with material design!
House of Cards
The mark of maturity is that you flip out the very second things stop going the way you want them to
You might enjoy a little known band called Limp Bizkit
Have you heard of Johnny Manziel
Maybe not your sissified politically correct 2012 lawn mowers.
You sure DT isn't better than megatron?
What does Los Angeles have anything to do with this?
You have to do it like a real fan and direct all your hatred to his gf/wife/ SO.
no its just you
Just start making porn decals if this kind of stuff won't get filtered out.
Listening to lobbyists?
you dropped this
"There's never been a more obvious fake ""random happening"" on a show."
People downvoted me before the price ranges were put up haha
babies are in glass
"I believe they used to be called Primate but someone else had that band name so they changed it to Primus (which happens to be Latin for ""first"")."
"Iron, iron, iron, iron, iron, iron!"
They wear a uniform while doing that?
"A Dallas mask, blend right in."
since 1995... our last website update
Or opens a portal to hell while testing teleport tech.
You must swing both ways to get to the other side of a cliff.
"Please make me a sandwich, mom"
It's possible.
So it is like drinking a Bud Light in Oklahoma?
Hocus pocus... Abracadabra... Arse Blathana
Move the clock there and save the interface?
Thank you for being a mature person
Fake
They should blame their corrupt greedy way's
It's this kind of shit why he left.
"well you could have said that then, couldn't you?"
Joe Montana... you didn't say it had to be a current qb.
AT LEAST OUR PLAYERS DON'T HIT WOMEN
I can't believe there are adults that do this.
"Or the Aztecs, because the evil white men destroyed their noble human sacrifice culture."
dude i am crei :'(
Oh.
"HURRRHURRR I GET IT BECAUSE CAMOFLAGE Shitty mod, shitty unfunny joke for a title."
No...taxes?
I doubt it.
"Who knows, maybe the mountains will evolve to better allow the goats to climb."
"dealt with people exactly like that jeez, you people must really like strawmen."
"Thanks, got into it and so far it seems valuable."
Pirates and ninjas are fine rhough
"A man farts in Tokyo, a hurricane hits L.A."
(shakes head)
Almost as a good company as nestle
"Wow, soo insane!"
Booooo
I prefer Facetime Audio to cellular phone calls but Google Hangouts still rules for family/friends video calls amongst the tech savvy.
01/01/1900 Here
I don't believe so since it's different companies
Cheers mate
We have a state designated for thoughtless Republican ideas... it's called Kansas.
"We the people - ""Fuck the bigger picture...what's in it for me""...illustrated in the 1st comment."
"but its a swaggy hip and modern app, apps make everything better"
The fuck
"He's the marine, DAMMIT!"
I AM LRRRR OF OMICRON PERSEI 8
You seem like a levelheaded individual.
"Yeah, I'm going to trust that this guy is telling the truth and so are the bikers."
God is a fucking dick.
What/where is this cafe?
"That question offends me, please, delete this thread"
"they are the official national emergency broadcaster so they can't...this also includes daily stuff like broadcast fire dangers, weather reports, harverst vehicle movement bans, fire alerts etc."
Cri evri tme... 8/10
Okay well the obvious thing to do is give up on ever having abs and never lift again
im sure your government will give out real numbers.
Yes sir
Yeah cuz all you need are a couple superstars and you're good
TIL India is Islamic
"Just to give you an idea OP, Credit Karma shows 0 credit inquiries on my transunion report and 8 on my equifax."
"White third kits, no?"
You are incorrect in everything you said.
"Your average republican voter: ""If *they* (the democrats) said it, it must be wrong and/or evil."""
"holy eyebrows, that's a nice christmas sweater"
From my understanding with rolands fire bash build is PM is essential for the reduced wrath cost of bash because your main wrath generator will be shield glare.
"The power plant running your computer just killed 12,000 animals!"
"If you decide not to get the RCBS Chargemaster (309 on amazon - 50 rebate) or the Hornady Lock'n'Load AutoCharge as mentioned, grab a beam type scale (RCBS 505 or Horandy Beam scale) and set your thrower a little under your goal, use the FA to ballpark it and the beam scale to trickle up."
Au uitat sa-i puna la analfabeti probabil
Thanks for the repost
Hahah
Rachel was on BvW...#casual
Oh here comes Michael Jones shitting in the comments again
"I didn't want to spam your track full, I hope 5 comments isn't spam haha."
Super Legit x2
I have already rejected Scott Walker.
"She was one of the first to say her father's death was not racially motivated... I think she is the real deal and wish there were more people out there like her, hope she stays strong through the holiday season and beyond."
Because 'natural' is good and everything else is bad
You guess.
Giving too much credit to our defense lately...
"You could set up a netboot, that's really easy to do"
WOOSH
Never have to handle better awper than me ;) Just train your awp and be better than enemies.
"Nah dude look at his Global Elite flair, he is clearly better than all of us and more knowledgeable about every aspect of the game."
"actually he was born with a name something like Ted Smith... so, yes, he did make it up."
L'Italia che innova.
This lag is atrocious Now I agree with you.
"Fun fact, I found a legitimate article about how Stalin's purges were actually gendercide against *men*."
There was some iOS app that spammed the blockchain with dust and pushed the transaction count up.
Coughed or sneezed
"My SO did, but we also gained bad eating habits at the same time, so obviously it was the pill and genetics."
"He's both in Melee, he's actually lighter than Ness, Peach and Marth."
Yeah that's probably why he's getting down voted
"Supporting the WNBA will not make their players more talented, which is the main issue at hand here."
What does tail off mean?
"What, you don't like having 20 different variation of a shaved head?"
"nah it is so much cheaper and better to put one lane and a big median strip, then in 20 years (about 10 years too late) convert the road to 2 lanes...can't you see how much cheaper that is?"
So feminists are now the two girls one cup of political debate
Judging by your username you must know exactly how police operate
*Baby's.
"Gosh, threatening to invade us if we join NATO, that sure is ~friendly~ of you guys."
"Sure, we need a font for that"
Can I get a comparison next to it?
What a hero.
We should all be so lucky that some of the people who steal labor deign to share some its fruits back with us.
"Yeah, I mean...I asked this guy to make a 10 minute CGI movie and it didn't live up to my expectations!"
Awesome.
Stop objectifying women
Intax is a dude.
"Statstrak Karambit ""Fade"" or Statstrak Flip Knife ""Case Hardend""."
It's the principle of the thing!
You never heard of half and half?
He probably hit his keyboard with his mouse so that's why he shot there
"If it's a short jar, I just dump the whole thing in."
So their overpriced stuff will be priced reasonably.
OP dropped a
BUT BUT BUT HE PLAYED WITH CROSBY OVER THE SUMMER
I carry an anti-zombie shotgun for just such an occasion.
and hence they should not fight against BJP as they are corruption free.
"As someone named Joseph and knowing about the origin of the audio, this triggers me"
I'm disappointed that I didn't see Chris Cantwell
"If it's not white, it's not right!"
But how else will you get her ready for all the kiddie beauty pageants?
Are Jon and TB still friends?
"You could even open a window and listen to the birds... but oh, it's so hot out, I need my air conditioning all day or I'll perish in the heat..."
"Oh good, I wasn't sure what that picture was until I read the caption"
Ya......that's how he scored that girlfriend.
they're going by j.cole's now
"They only work with animals everyday, how could they be expected to know anything about animals?"
"For real, Meagan Trainer got robbed"
Adam and EVE not Adam and StEVE.... wait shit!
"I dunno, it's almost like it's a brand new mechanic and nowhere in the tutorials does it explain the effects in multiplayer"
"Next, let's put all the muslims, jews, and any other 4iner into concentration camps because we hate everyone!"
It's Broussard so it's definitely legit.
It really is a mystery...
"Wow, awesome, thanks for sharing!"
Because XBL is a beautiful paradise full of friendly fellow gamers.
LeBron averages 5.5 turnovers a game freaking washed up scrub
Nice to see that Robby isnt butt-hurt about the whole NASCAR thing...
yeah damn all those 2 week old kittens that climb into boxes by themselves.
Lets try it: Up vote or Down vote: Recreational Marijuana usage.
We declined the penalty
i think you missed the
Aaannd we've gone meta.
You mean its not pronounced Hooskies?
**ALL WOMEN EVERYWHERE ON THE ENTIRE PLANET ARE LIKE THIS**
Ac unity
"Nah man, shows like X-factor and The Block are the best shows ever!"
"Hell yeah, no extra cool stuff"
Good thing he'll be around IU forever then!
That's because Christ is the one true way.
"because we can't have good posts on the front page, it must be filled with people who went to worlds getting master"
We didn't want to reveal our strategies for when we play them in the super bowl
That's a funny looking picture of Helix you made there
"yeah sure,we are getting naruto after releasing the new goku champion and luffy meanwhile we are at it,why not also release every chinese cartoon character has an champion too?"
Yeah I definitely like passing up on Tre
Check your privilege shitlord!
No it's coming to jp.
Willam
"hearthstone, dota, and bass."
"This helicopter crash happened last year or maybe earlier this year iirc, so it's entirely possible this is a repost."
Legendary status
"It's one of those days that you just say fuck it, and go back to bed."
fat curvy white women you make the rockin' world go round!
ageism?
It totally does man my friend got a gjallarhorn the first time we didn't open it
You read bottom-to-top?
They just need to pull their bootstraps harder!
He won't really get much time to say anything else because the host and other guests will make sure he's quit and when he does speak he'll be interrupted after the first sentence.
"Not unless you had a ratty dog, play music, sing off-key, and demand handouts (otherwise known as gutter punks)."
creepy eyes and an oversized alien head soooo adorbz
I'm all for using the information we have but that that does not mean it is a good idea to pretend the data we have is actually reliable.
Definitely letting the battery heat the weed too much
We would have heard about a LOT more players being banned then.
"Could he be effectively beat up using ""self defense"" as an excuse?"
"This specific sterotype is racist only in north america and ""recently"" europe and australia too (as the idea that an innocent stereotype is somehow racist is exported from NA)"
they're afraid of black people
Mortal Kombat was and is one of the best video game movies.
"No, this is more like the governor of alabama criticizing obama."
#WACHRBI
I've never seen a conversation about Kim Deal in the first place.
Because that is somehow against the rules.
"I never understood how Rockstar can pull delaying an update for more than a year and nobody cares, but with other devs they are literally Hitler."
"It's more dangerous than being a police officer, even."
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your crust?
I think his joke went over your head too
Who should play Shelby?
Too much cake?
Nope TES doesn't have numbers just letters and a subtitle.
"Steam is such a rip off, I pay $80 for online multiplayer and get old games for free!"
The leading cause of child fucking is sexy children
This is what firehouses and the ED are for.
This is going to be amazing omg
no self respecting canadian would put the sweet nectar of the gods anywhere that's not down our throats.
Defective by design.
Roberto Luongo's Wild Ride?
"nah mate, that wasnt our open platoon, that was our DIGOTV farming one ;)"
Two too many.
If you catch my drift
Well thank god I only have ~1 1/4 years left.
If Mexicans would stay in Mexico maybe they could fix Mexico.
But but.... She's sacrificing sex for LOVE!
I cannot second this enough.
"No, I'm pretty sure he *gained* his victory card."
Took you long enough.
"i have a black/red h440, and im in love with it"
Let me just say this: The Gimp is involved.
"It's simple: The right was right, it's all a choice, which means that we can finally create LBGTQAIXYZLMNOP-reeducation-and-containment camps so that we can pray the gay away."
Get it in Japan
Southern Wisconsin is with you on this one.
"I don't see why not, but if that is your decision, then we will respect it."
Get a different job.
How can you tell this?
It's also web scale.
Stop oppressing me!
"Man, if you use 'who' when you should've said 'whom', it's no big deal, but when it's the other way around, it sounds really pretentious and wrong."
And here we are....the only intelligent life forms in the universe.
Sneaky also said it wasn't happening on stream a few days ago.
Then all risks from sex should be a serious concern and nobody should be able to get married.
and comes with Shoot to Loot...
And their economy is really suffering
Uhg that looks god awful.
......wat?
"You're kidding, right?"
That's true as a 575 DK i changed my first item at lvl 98 cause one quest reward got upgraded to epic when I got it so it was like 590 with multistrike xD
Pressure.
Why Obama we all know he is a Muslim
because they are biased against jews
"Yeah, and he mentioned her gender too, what a jerk!"
"Well sharing bodywarmth works for penguins, shouldn't be a problem for drunk football fans."
probably shitty resonance in your playback system...sounds great
"Damn DoD, CIA, FEMA, Scientists and hippies for their damn conspiracy against the GOP!"
ITT: A bunch of alliance ninnies who want the law to be upheld.
That was helpful.
what is this?
"Converting it to a gif, really makes the joke shine."
And to think it all started with Charles Barkley
"Yeah because ""British Colonialism"" brings good images in mind."
How dare you try to have fun!
"No, everyone knows it's gay to be friends with a girl"
"yeah 10 new routes in next THREE years, that's huge noticeable improvement"
"Ya, the freedom market will regulate itself!"
"Sorry mate, sarcasm doesn't express well."
He hasn't mentioned his plan; ho do you know it's unconstitutional?
"Yeah, I'd totally wear one of those."
"Nah, he added hundreds of pointless pages where nothing happens."
So this is what tR does when they scrim...
Liverpool are dogshit gonna get relegated amirite
"More pot-stirring from AznGirlThrowaway93, who is definitely an Asian American woman and not a troll"
GameStop can sell you the game.
Genetics
And it's working out great!
i can't imagine all that lady tentacle rape and the boys endlessly cumming into demons is helping with people wanting to find someone to start a family with
ugh.
"Yes, because other forms of messaging privately has died out."
"Yeah, because when you have nuclear subs carrying intercontinental ballistic missiles armed with nuclear warheads the ""strength in numbers"" argument is still relevant."
Look at those chemtrails
Well what if you guys were secretly faze clan scouts
"Yeah, she sure is."
"Read the z as ""zed"" Joke ruined"
Zionists are definitely not bigots
"There aren't even any quotes in this comment, I call bullshit"
I hope this happens.
"we can't get enough space in the vault, but this should be easy..."
"How dare you question his 10"" dick, high six figures salary, and brand new Maserati!"
You should become their financial advisor
"He did offer to give me all his money, so you know, I'm contemplating dating him regardless of my SO."
But Alabama could *totally* take the Jags!
"But...but....the Tea Party wasn't about Obama, it's about policy!"
Are you sure you're not just a computer literate sea cucumber?
wrong picture [](#ksal)
"No, you have to stay silent and only in the missionary position, that is the only way"
That's cause all brown people look the same...
yeah pretending he's actually a super hero seems like a way better idea than actually telling the kid he can be hurt by bullets because superheroes aren't real.
Pffft clearly another sockpuppet.
But it's such an easy way to band together and circle-jerk a rumour so we can all have more comment karma!
Because Worms is such a clinically designed and graphically dependent game that it's just not even worth watching below 1080p.
"AdAway does need root, because it has to change a system file (the hosts file)."
"It's funny, with how much reddit loves Louis CK, I wonder why I don't see this quote around more."
"Kind of like how the english word for crisis is made up of the roots ""cry"" and ""sis"", indicating how you can't count on female family members when things go wrong?"
So... Missouri?
But don't forget to teach them that homosexuality and colored people are terrifying and the government is evil.
Do you have time to explain why you dont have time to explain why you do have time to explain why dont have pants on?
"Put some clothes on, kid!"
Wonder where they got the aimpoints
The employee has obviously been brainwashed by whites
Oh isn't it wonderful living with that awkwardness?
Yup.... clearly he died as a warrior for peace
Seems very useful.
Yeah what kind of cunt single-handedly takes care of her ailing parents and begs her sibling to come have Christmas with the family because it's their father's last?
And here I am thinking the unmarked cars are for the cop's safety so people don't mark them down on Waze and make them a target...
"no I don't but they've been a better team without Love, and so far, haven't lost without Kyrie"
"It's a beautiful score, even if whole sections were lifted intact from Prokofiev."
David Cockburn - despite facing fierce competition - must surely be the thickest ever representative elected to political office in Scotland.
All men must DOHVAKIIN
This is just the best novelty account ever.
Oh ur jelly
"Go to youtube, type ""Desert Treasure guide 2007"", watch it, expect exactly that."
Batman Begins
Lawrence (child) Fucking Taylor
...
That's the happiest looking picture I've ever seen in front of the court house.
where does one acquire this magical technology so I don't have to break my F5 key?
"I had a friend like her, it really doesn't get better."
"Hey, don't insult the pigs :p"
There must be a lot of good guys with guns keeping themselves safe.
I've haven't seen people go crazy over it.... Yet.
"You are in a Nintendo board, and don't know what a Famicom is?"
The d looks like that Icelandic letter edh/eth
Put your hands up for Detroit?
Can you imagine if that actually aired on Fathers Day?
Can we stop being douchebags and let people post things obviously geared at the sub?
The owner of the store who is also her ex manager
I think you just described the Mormon vision of the afterlife.
Silent Hills to be turned into a Minecraft mod.
"Ah, thank you!"
"Sounds good, we got a few princes that should be ready in a decade or so."
I can help you sometime.
Hummels absolutely did not have a better year than Terry.
You don't have to be a direct victim to be aware.
HAHA you got me.
"Wow, that's a total coincidence given that this just became a new meme."
Work at reddit.
"My aunt lived in the DOA house for quite some time, so I was surrounded by that kind of thing when I was growing up."
And your explaining the joke that he is explaining the joke about a guy who explains jokes!
So now the pilot has a camera in her home...
"Gluten free water, though?"
Yes because Clinton administration was definitely on par with the Bush administration.
"Prison rape is just part of the punishment though, everyone knows how hilarious rape is when it happens to men!"
Saw one of these in Orleans one winter shortly before it took out someone's cat.
"That doesn't work so well with the ""innocent until proven guilty"" concept."
Fake moustaches
Doing the lord's work?
I'm guessing free with purchase of other parts?
"The Last Wish UK: 2007 (Gollancz); USA: 2008 (Orbit) 1993 The Sword of Destiny UK: May 2015 (Gollancz); USA: May 19, 2015 1992 Blood of Elves UK: 2008 (Gollancz); USA: 2009 (Orbit) 1994 Time of Contempt UK: 2013 (Gollancz); USA: 2013 (Orbit) 1995 Baptism of Fire UK: 2014 (Gollancz); USA: 2014 (Orbit) 1996 The Swallow's Tower UK: 2016 (Gollancz); USA: TBA 1997 Lady of the Lake UK: 2017 (Gollancz); USA: TBA 1999 in this order."
GLO's not very good at trying to be funny.
You mean *after* a quarter of a million people where killed in the fighting?
Probably not.
Gotta remind the Russians every now and then
Daryl and his brother have never appeared in the comics.
"Cool, I'm totally going to trust a report funded by the **""Friends of Israel Initiative""** over every human rights group on earth including Amnesty and Human rights Watch."
"Yep, exactly like that, because obviously us fans would have wanted to tune in to see if the heel would get his win back."
Yep and we started planning the Grey Cup victory parade the second he beat the lowly Ottawa REDBLACKS.
Is your company contractually limited to government work?
That's my life story too
"not really, more like neogaf being neogaf... what a cesspool"
And he was a terrible route runner and couldny run after the catch either!
"Ah, there it is!"
I think the assumption is that he's being hired to develop a new Spider-Man theme that is reminiscent of his original.
You forgot that you have to be a weeb and call all pyros asshats 3/10 hats
He's the mexican Satan.
I'd like my creen replaced and my etwork set up please.
Because Iceland has done such a great job with its economy...
To stop the contestant from actually being able to win.
"Divide my karma by the amount of days since I joined, and find out my karma per day"
"Hey, the peace loving religion does what it wants"
"It was her PCOS, not ""relying on fizzy drinks and treating herself to a pizza after work"""
plat is true elohell
Being inconsiderate of a friend's feelings
No no guys... Valencia was awful!
At least we have 11 warship supercarriers
"not at the moment, but I will take some tonight when I throw on some warframe."
Nova Launcher and reddit sync for me.
"Yeah, why would a *BLACK* woman want to tear down a flag that represent a group that killed americans to keep black people in slavery."
Its a BitTorrent Sync key.
"I quit cage fighting, partly because I didn't want brain damage, but mainly because most of my fans looked like the guy in the middle."
"I think it looks very nice, each to their own, but I really like the modern look."
"Oh yeah, monstrous."
"Oh, well then that makes it ok"
"The only juggalo I know got shot up with a machine gun at least twice and lived, so I'm siding with the juggalos"
It's sunny and 90 Degrees in Tai Bwo Wannai today.
Think we could convince Atlanta to take Papelbon off our hands?
"Oh gosh, Ill bet its a troll."
You can do as Canetop mentioned and call 1-877-RB-Soccer *or* on match day you can go to the Season Ticket window and purchase extra tickets.
Bullshit
"Yes, if I ever got a downvote I'd probably kill myself."
Wow
What the weird looking thing under the CPU?
"Yes, he had a mental illness, Islam."
There's the whole Godzilla issue.
"Atttts a bloody outrage it is, we outta take this to our member o parlament."
Xb1 masterrace
you are missing
GTA:O has a match making system?
"Oh it's not mine, but I'll find more!"
Yeah any card shop owner would totally leave *that* binder behind.
What's a fax number?
She must've cut calories and her body went into starvation mode.
Shut up Alex you are dropped
Yeah our carbines suck... Buff GD-7F!
Nope we have him contracted next year because we agreed to his image terms.
It's Halo Online look in the chat window on the left.
"Just a few bad apples Maybe there were ""invisible signs of resistance"" that justify their actions."
Capital Steeze was awesome till the CIA murdered him.
"Yea, imagine if we invented some sort of way to cover the switch... I might be crazy right now but I'm thinking something like these floating keycaps **BUT** with walls around it to create a cube'like shape that covers the switch."
"Sush now, you're talking sense and that doesn't belong in an anti-politics circlejerk."
Your friends are surprisingly muscular.
"Yes, Riot is actually tracking your account and making sure that your promos are as miserable as possible."
"More like ""Cheesus Christ"", amirite?"
Stay tuned!
SEC SEC SEC
"Yes, that is exactly what I'm saying"
Dude terrorists could have warped through cyberspace and shot him he has balls if steel
Sergio Aguero to Real Madrid
Wait you don't like screen passes and short 3-7 yard passes?
Condition: fair...
"Nah it couldn't have been that, haven't you heard they hate each other?"
it looks just like Salvador Dali?
He obviously doesn't want to play here!
Seems legit
Duncan was MALE so who cares
Yes because an abundance of content equals a good game or good value.
"Everyone knows every time a male to female relationship doesn't lead to sex means that she's simply leading you on, putting you in the friend-zone and only fucks aggressive meat-heads and not the kind sir you are."
Their fault for not living on top of oil.
"Who got the idea from Clive Barker's Jericho, produced by Clive Barker."
"If she didn't want to have her titty flicked, she shouldn't have dressed so slutty."
How dare they interrupt the MLS Cup Playoffs.
I believe I wrote from the beginning that I assigned these keyword to the hydra itself (body).
Maybe they should have marked the lane more clearly
Able bodied?
ha this cats memes are so good hopefully 9gag reviews this movie!
Just like they deserved the low intelligence you attribute it to.
I bet you believe in god too...
"Yeah, it needs more of a GBA vibe."
"Yeah, let's keep shipping that fuel by train and truck, that's much more green and safe."
Do those Wal Marts also carry larger amounts of pressure cookers?
Who knew Bourque slowed us down?
"Can't restart, otherwise I'm sure nearly everyone would"
"Hey, check your cis white privilege you shitlord"
I keep my silver next to my fireworks just for this reason!
"Wow Brute Reviews, this is surely evidence that you are one of the WORST HARASSERS ON THE ENTIRE INTERNET."
"I'm surprised they're not touting the eight-year old as a key figure in the organization too... This is just like how the US incinerates a ""top taliban commander"" every month yet continues to get its ass handed to it year after year... I mean don't get me wrong, guys, I'm sure victory's right around the corner any day now..."
Water based lube = rust
Yeah you fucking feeder ass feeder
You guys should be used by know but here it since apparently I didn't imply enough
I'd hire him he clearly has determination.
"I found Diretide more fun, because it's PvP."
escaping
"Most underrated film of all time, not even nominated for best picture academy award pfff..."
SHE'S SO FREAKING FLUFFY.
That would be Saitama Man.
"Yeah, I mean it's like they think they can take action on more than one issue at a time... What a bunch of fools!"
"What if, and this may seem as a long shot, what if its all acted by the amells (steven and robbie)"
"Lets send this one to the Mythbusters, they can wrangle up a few hundred stray cats, and throw em in that dry dock they're always at."
"Usually I can't stand this guy (most of his jokes are just generic sarcastic snark, and while that's fine for a while it *does* get old, at least in my opinion), I have to admit that this bit is spot on."
[Panama doesn't barely has metals either]
That the negative space in the FedEx logo creates an arrow
Actually people are...
4k pacman
"Pero si lo paga el gobierno es gratis, porque ellos hacen la plata!"
Yeah it was pretty disturbing that someone would do that in the first place.
So do you.
Whales are fat people too!
Bill Gates?
"No that's Finland, Belgium is the capital of the European Union..."
"While this is sad, and it is tragic, it should surprise nobody."
"That's a wonderful picture - the emotions, timing **and** the quality :)"
" I didn't play perfectly in that series, and I'm kinda sad about that, perfect synergy with Piglet"
"Lol, it's not Russia dude, the tags were taken off..."
You just weren't with the riiiiiiiiiight man
Wow that's a great description
I wanted someone to play minecraft with me
"Oh, I'm 90% certain they were gunning for you then or jealous of that particular girl."
Maybe he just unloaded his gun
Yup better chemtrail the shit out of his neighborhood to make sure all this publicly available information doesn't get to the public.
"The movie comes out on Friday, that's why."
okay
"Except the Iraqi federation has Shia and Sunni tribes working together, and persecution of Sunnis has stopped in Persia."
"no, they just sneak them in from Laos to sell to gangbangers"
Huh?
so what do u like laugh at the guys with small dicks just cause u know their out cold and u can
Gotta love that clickbait.
I thought the same thing.
That is going to take a minute to digest.
I would say the most privileged drive their cars to school.
"No, you dirty 60s presser."
"Yes, because I was just about to convert those people who don't recognize racism..."
yeah make her beg you to fuck her
D&amp;D
I wonder if they'll ever make Miles Morales Spiderman
Communism in motion.
Yes and not wearing protective gear would make sports safer... No airbags or abs would make the roads safer... It encourages safer driving!
Fuck off Julian you liar.
"You could also say she has some sort of... ""entitlement"" to men's labor."
"Sperrys in particular show a lot more of the foot than other boat shoes, when you wear them with socks and trousers it shows a lot of sock, looks quite unusual."
IMO the PIII was one of the best chips the world has ever seen.
a pond of blood of the band members of Creed?
What kids think being an adult is like.
Ellen Pao is still CEO
Buy the higher dose pill and break it in half or use a pill cutter to cut it.
"What, the curtains?"
and he knows the way to Earth!
It's worth about $0.99
"Yes, please do get this sub shut down"
A spelling error.
"no no, it should be done like footpatrol x saucony 'Only in Soho' - because who doesn't like a $900 price tag on eBay after the release?"
"It's not OK to threaten rape and murder, unless it's a ""feminist nutcase"" then it's totally OK."
Why Ukraine has no data?
You forgot the
"well i think technically it's 1fps the first second, then 0fps."
That scene in Stepbrothers would have been so much better if they had just started gunning down all those kids.
"Don't underestimate the free time of a disgruntled redditor, keep in mind they totally almost uncovered the identity of the boston bomber before authorities."
Cause I copied the code from the OP
"If only they would just build more lanes, *that* would clear up traffic."
Lol
$100 for a precursor orb made of....polystyrene..... Sony needs to put the crack pipe down.
Why would there be negative fees?
Can you download ringtones?
"Yes, up to 15, check the link in my first line."
Throw on the ice like the rest of the fans am I right
Islam has of course no link with violence.
This is honestly one of the craziest things I've seen in my limited hockey experience
"That was flashbacks, this is the third chapter."
It's only objectification if it is a woman who's body is idealized.
APCR?
"damn.... Well, you could always take a plane to England and try one out a Anderton's."
"Hey now, that's my favorite African country you're talking about you racist shitlord."
"then how do oxygen candles work, surely you have to burn the oxygen to get them going"
Hahaha feeding him seems like a great way to get him to you leave you alone.
Do you.. Do you tell your lovers?
"Yeah, if they were sayinf ""fuck the police with a rake,"" thats not cool."
"fwiw, since Wiz made an appearance on Raw, he now has a shot in the ""celebrity wing"" of the HOF."
Thats what the election will be for ~~Hilla~~ Joe.
But passive aggressive hinting is WAY easier than open communication!
conclusion: Klay is the chemistry killer of the team
"Wait, there are people who rage in coop mode?"
Short answer is that it results in similar amounts for slaughter and often worse conditions than the meat industry.
I will always consider pre-CGI movie makers fucking geniuses
Are we getting one of those running headline bars from TV news?
Why not Collinsworth?
Yeah like all those Hamas and PLO leaders who stole billions from their own people and are serving jail time right now
"Alright Peyton, time to come back from this deficit and pump up your team like you have done all season long"
Shows how Heskey is better than both Messi and Zlatan combined.
That won't end badly at all
Nah man she must be anorexic if she doesn't weigh 300 lbs.
Central mark this as unfounded complaint
Use
"Well since racism towards whites isn't real, neither is that video."
"I think the level cap 60, am I wrong?"
"Oh, I was going to say the answer was that it's exactly the same as not catering a KKK meeting."
"The MEA knows best, I am sure they will ride to the rescue any second now!"
With all of tmartn's videos about him being 'SUPER PUMPED' about the game I'm sure a lot of the younger YouTube demographic that play call of duty will be squealing with excitement for another 7 days.
but we gotta respect radical islam because it's the PC thing to do right?
"it isn't like they can't do it, just that they're lazy, that or they just simply don't want to, it's going to keep making money no matter what so why bother putting money into it"
"But remember, Islam is the true women's liberation!"
"Generally, fewer, better-quality LEDs will leave you happier with the result."
"Yeah, we really should remove people's rights based on what they post on online forums."
Who knew Ray leaving would be the thing to bring back Let's Build?
What an amazingly open return policy than!
Lol guise isn't assault hilarious?
Wow.. way to make a difference!
I don't think you need to send her anything else if she doesn't reply.
"That's their culture, you can't criticize that."
"Cool, thanks!"
With a designated GPU?
Go to reddit and post about it apparently.
That is pretty funny.
"no, he and his alter ego came in as 12 and 11."
Lucha Underground is really blowing up isn't it?
I'm convinced!
The hermit crab must have been black
not that they don't ^
God of the Gaps maybe?
m8
The rigorous study of astrology and psychology is something only a valedictorian can fully comprehend
"If she's old enough to bleed, she's old enough to breed."
We've been doing it since 1971!
"Hi, I'm a diddler, nice to meet you."
"Because they did significantly better even they swapped once, they'll do even better if they swap again right?"
But everyone should just live in NYC
It's not gay if the balls don't touch!
And no one should be held accountable for deciding to consume an unsafe amount of alcohol.
"Well, shit, isn't it common knowledge that being gay is unnatural and being homphobic is how nature intended?"
"Thanks asshole, now neither can we."
"it will be fun when one of those grasshopper farms has a break out, and all the food in the area is eaten by them, causing a massive famine."
"But, but Simo Hayha."
"That was a litmus test, and you failed"
"It's pronounced ""whiffy"" ;)"
"BARATHEON = A THEON BRA, meaning the Baratheons will support Theon's claim to the Iron Throne"
This is the end of piracy as we know it!
"It's great that we have reached a point in world history where there is so little bad in the world that ""stolen tweets"" is worth this much energy."
Thunderbird 2 from Thunderbirds a 60s puppet show.
Won't anyone think of the children!
"Lol, this particular Indonesian Muslim earn more than nearly all the non-Muslim Indonesians on this sub, look at how lazy and stupid I am."
Rex Ryan.
"Because friends never become anything more, never..."
Shocking.
"support kunkka is great , gank value"
"Kerala needs a strong regional party of its own, for Malayalam pride."
dats sum big azz gpu
It is absolutely intentional.
I think its 2 years
"Um...iirc, Marimbo is a female...I could be wrong though."
here
"I believe the proper countermeme here is ""Ur doin it wrong."""
Wow that's surprising
Pog caps
I like lean meat
That...actually makes the galaxy feel fairly small.
NOOOOOOOOOOO
You'd hope it'd be a bit higher wouldnt you though
"I was thinking second because it is punishment for those who give in to lust, and you know ""all men want is sex."""
Good shit
How do you respond to them?
"He apparently told that OP a completely different story about how the boy was adopted, totally removing any of his involvement in it."
I'm not from Orange County but even I know you're not supposed to say *The* OC.
Ethiopia?
"IN THIS THREAD: People who have only been playing since New Phyrexia, and people who forgot the reserve list existed."
It says its the final installment on the IndieDB page.
"Wow, so helpful"
MAKANKOSAPPO!!!!!
Now I can be racist without being called a racist!
Getting my popcorn ready
It's now equal to other console versions
Heyooo!
"Well, that is just like your opinion."
"Generally yes, that's how polish works."
"Just flex it close, you'll be fine..."
"At first I thought you said corgi, slightly disappointed."
"Red Bull will come back, assuming they stay in F1."
"This really ought to be an annual thing, it's a shame that we haven't played since 2010"
Is there anything that man can't do &lt;3
10 mph hour is enough to injure someone seriously if they didnt see you and react properly
Beaker Brigade
We do.
I made a separate reply
"Plus, if you don't like someone, you can insist you were catcalled and take someone to court."
It depends where I'll be working after graduation (if I am working...)
I'm sorry to see your middle-high school perception of how sports are played are muddled by the real world of professional sports where you're totally fucking wrong.
"I completely understand not having the boss' one weakness rush head first toward us guardians, but that mob(s) definitely need to boost to their courage."
Your personality is disgusting.
"If his words cause an aggregate decrease in fossil fuel energy over the long run, does that count for nothing?"
Aw your feelers hurrrt?
Fuck that scene
I want that banana to play defense so bad...
Would take time and time = money you have to pay them.
"As a fellow reddit is fun user, I endorse this statement"
Yeah but shouldn't we wait for October for the Dead Space LP's?
The neighbor boy obviously turned him.
You must not know any black people.
oh is there an extended version I should know about?
"GOSH, YOU'RE SUCH A DICK SENOT."
Cheers for your effort though Only Bilderburg coming up so we won't miss much
Lebron would still take that team to the Finals
no.
Hahaha that usually means we're about to get whats coming to us
"Not sure why you were downvoted, Jones projects to be that caliber of a player."
bruh didn't you know Muzzy ghost produced it?
"I'm on PRP, so... because I tell them about it."
how dare valve takes part of the money for mods that were created with their tools and hosted on their servers
I'm sure he would have said the same about a white person
Bang isn't even the best ADC on SKT
he's a *GOOD GUY* not a nice guy... you've got the wrong guy!
But...but that would take valuable screentime away from Goku!
"Who knows, maybe Danielle really did need all that protection"
"Yeah, writing ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"" made absolutely no impact on American literary (and later cinematic) history."
That Oma Desala is one irresponsible bitch.
You need to remember your
Oh well I guess you're fine to swim in the riptide.
Siri doesn't want you to know that jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
"It's irony, gawd!"
I guess UCLA and USC are safe.
Pretty sure he said that because of all the banning from fat people hate.
I mean Wilson is 3-0 against Rodgers he must be better.
"Godammit Crowly, get your boys in line!"
Crongiest made me laugh more than anything in this thread.
anything by the holly springs disaster
I think it's footage for ants.
SO I HERD U DISLIKE MUDKIPS
Clearly you're not allowed to have your own opinion on what is gross or creepy.
But but but the FCC doesn't regulate content and will never regulated content on the internet
Don't you dare interfere with me winning!
Crash your car into people and offer to cover their repair costs if they switch.
"Duh, 4K is just a ripoff of Retina."
Not sitting in a cement cell = cruel
- Ghandi
It's a real pity France doesn't have a torture camp where human rights don't exist.
I'm sure the Chinese have killed it by now and used all of its organs to make their ailments go away as well as make their penises strong &amp; mighty.
you must not have seen much
"Funny, I didn't realize you couldn't use the Internet to spread awareness, and that you definately can't accomplish anything through that."
"Fish are really yum, I am sorry this happens to you :("
It clearly says optional......
"Clearly YES, as that would make you a huge Boeing shill who shills Boeing everywhere you go."
He learned to ATGATT that day
So much scripting in this video I can't even believe why Riot hasn't banned him yet...
"Yeah just wait for the $60 remastered version locked at 30 fps, suck it PC fags"
Its for comments like these that i avoid the
"Right, and your camo'd iphone is *SO* much less gay."
"That would mean some people are tiny and and petty, and that could never happen here."
"I found it funny that there was a user called ""The Mittani"" on comms with the PL folks :P"
self-hater?
"My tinfoil hat prediction: Dubnyk already got a good behind the scenes offer to play for a different team next season and will ""conveniently go cold"
"They get the experience and something to put in their portfolio, really they should be paying the Eastern Market"
"As a thought experiment, how does your idea hold up at the bottom of the ocean?"
but it's the teacher's job to potty train muh chyld!
Gotta love those one-sided relationships.
The abunai sisters
"Yes, let's damn some nameless consumer with more money than us rather than appreciate this lovely spectacle of engineering and cleverness."
"Sure, like who wants those useless internet points anyway, pssh..."
"Shit happens, just drive around and learn the geography if he doesn't want to teach."
"Then you remember that he set torturers, including people who ordered the torture of children, free from any consequences."
One person talks shit and you blame all of us
"that I can feel comfortable in public without fearing that someone will try to harass me, that I did awesome things as a person and not ""that's cool that a woman could do that"", that if I ever have a daughter I won't have to worry about someone treating her as if she isn't her own person, and that women will finally be taken seriously as *people* and not seen less than."
I am still really interested in this
"This is the Internet, not English class!"
"No, tf2 isn't funny in the slightest"
"It's a lot more than that, especially what happened in the days and years leading up to it."
"But oil is organic, it's natural so is good for the environment"
"Nice try, Reddit marketing team."
"Yeah, I pity TOAA a bit"
But invaders are eeevil
Teacher didn't let thug run amok in classroom because was too busy reminiscing the cross burning the other night
"Just a really forced pun, *really rare* on reddit..."
No but robots will do all that soon!
Buy them a kabar.
"Well, Lubbock might as well be in New Mexico anyways."
#notallamericans
that's what you get when you get the lefts brightest brainwashing them in school
So what you're saying is you're a pussy.
*That is this sub in a nutshell?
"Yes, I just wrote a wall of text and forgot the punch line."
"Nooooo, the secret service is gonna buy him DJ Sona skin after they thwart this guy's clearly well thought out assassination plan..."
I understand this reference
So that's why he was behind
"Yeah, shame on OP for not knowing that everyone else doesn't know the things he doesn't know."
Cause le Snowden and my privacy to torrent
"yeah, because people shouldn't be excited about new open-standards in the tech industry"
Its kind of insane actually.
This should also put a big dent in India's software piracy rate so everyone wins!
Are we going to gloss over the fact that Law did all of that [With an N64 Controller?]
"he got up bright and early to send you that lovely message, what a charming lad"
but I only play dust 2 :(
How does that look in IVA view?
Yeah the movie is going for realism not trying tell a story
Why would she pick a bitchy name like Allison?
But if he's immovable why would he be forced back by the Hulk's macho-ness.
I'm sure everyone in this thread would happily take a 40% pay cut and be grateful!
The MM3
Omg *how did you know*?
let's get the grammy committee
"I wouldnt be too worried, I don't see Acer winning anyway :\"
"As long as they have 3 left-handed Dmen and 3 right-handed Dmen and the goalie doesn't mind lots of shots from the outside, it'll work out just fine."
Too bad I just bought one and didn't take advantage of the discount
"No, they just decided to celebrate her first birthday a few months early."
Because I'm not willing to accept the spread of misinformation...
Plex
I... I don't see bacon.
Good
"He doesn't *own* it, he houses his lovely waifu in his lair"
"Someone care to gift him a better camera, then?"
"Ohhh, that's much better."
Fucking fuck!
This is so possible...
And also he's on bath salts
I've seen people get maximum 80 rp from it.
Poor bastard.
"I can only speak for myself, but I saw my words and arguments being contested *more* when I had the expert tag."
Definitely a Katie.
"I am pretty sure lowrads meant a sample of the water, not the fish."
Well they're probably just imagining or faking it right?
He could have signed with a west team
I suck cock better then he does.
Selig.
Not working for me and I have it downloaded
He's just being real fam!
"Wow, what a huge and useless nitpick from Android Central then."
"*""Hello World""*"
"one issue with the streams that may or may not be their fault and all of sudden everyone is hating on MLG, what a joke..."
"Which means, love everyone now!"
U went a full 180 there
This would have been an awesome video to announce DJ Sona damn
Using Fuck Stick in my daily vocabulary
This is the funniest fucking thing ive heard in forever
Fixed.
Does his family have 45 people in it?
"Yeah, lets endanger 2 cameramen and a pilot not to mention the only way of a quick rescue to save one life."
lol I have a smurf account in like silver 1 on oce and you can just run around river and win doing nothin
Playing how a black man?
"On the good side, Users said that they found that they contained 100% of their minimum daily dose of Placebo."
"I'm horny, PM me this guy's okc?"
So Marseille is Arab too?
teach what about money?
Belgium stronk!
link available?
"Thank you, reddit got fooled once on this, we don't need that again."
"At this point, just jizz on the ball and call it a day."
I'm pulling for you guys!
Who knows?
Can't say they're not exciting
This is perhaps the greatest thing I have ever seen.
"Its OK, he'll be more relaxed when he hits 13 ;)"
I am open to suggestions.
"another big issue here is what about the people who leave a tip anyway, does the restaurant just take it?"
theres more than one kenny loggins song?
"If I'm an asshole, do I get an ass hole?"
Parliamentary inquiry: How do you even take screenshots in game?
That is a fast slug.
State's rights have worked so well for minorities in the past.
Right nipple off center 2/10 would not bang.
Bring him food and watch him eat it.
"Next time he says that, answer *make me*."
"Check out Pushbullet, it might be something like what you are looking for."
Caputo said Clement is harder to tackle then Melvin
"Well, that's surprising"
Tell that to people who are in the process of doing or not doing.
There aren't many people in countries that don't speak English playing Dota it looks like...
"Oh, ... you mean that ""loot filter"" that is scheduled to be implemented with the patch that overhauls trading..?"
"Hey, there's still some left if you wanna taste it and see"
"That's not really capitalism, real capitalism needs to be free of government to regulate itself."
Something tells me the sample size / ranking of his play also has a factor.
Enjoying 45 Rs
I can't wait to play those 4k vids on my Xbox
better go with high quality meals then
Their team is having the greatest season in decade(s) man where have you been?
whoosh
Noon.
Your ad revenue at work.
To Toontown Fellowship!
didnt you know ephixa was karma fields
you can really tell how she has aged 14 years over the course of these
Sentence reduced by half for good behavior
I love guys that use their knives in the air then backstab you at 30% and are super sorry over coms
and here I thought it was about oppressing the gays and the blacks
There really needs to be an AH for attack helicopter on there.
"Also, fuck Texas."
Everything about Korra is Nick's fault...
Pretty sure she screams sushis :P
Thanks I'll check that out!
Never heard that one before
and the best thing is that this concept isn't exploitable in the slightest!
"Well, I was childfree, but then I posted here and got downvotes, so now I'm going to marry a catholic girl and have lots of babies."
"Whoa, what is this, socialism?"
[He lives out his life as a walrus in this little enclosure with a pool and like a kennel and occasionally his girlfriend and his best friend visit him to give him fish]
"Seriously, I don't get why they are burying him"
Context?
"Huh that's funny, I always feel refs are paid off by the Kings too."
You really shouldn't be popping aspirin while you're drunk.
"YES, this is a great point, we should require IQ tests or pop quizzes about politics before being able to vote, i am sure the next president would be republican then....."
Just like when they confirmed Falcon Heavy would launch in 2014
"Quality post, upvoting"
And it is not like anyone can get a boarding pass for considerably less than a prostitute makes in a day.
Obviously the newly released GTX960
yeah cause all blizzard games are free of bugs.
"The hips might count as their own piece, separate from each leg."
Try to rough that guy.
"What an idiot, America is such a big country it's not everywhere like diseases in Africa."
Needs
"I don't know if I would get that card, that pace is awful!"
Patrick Peterson
"In most cities, this doesn't make the news."
But clearly all atheists are just angry at God.
I can't wait to see Rollins pin Dolph..........again.
"If you did it afterwords, I think the fuck would already be out of him."
Probably her prefrontal cortex hurting from all the critical thinking she must be exercising.
Thank you for informing me!
Damn you ISIS!
What's the amp rating of a radio shack 18650?
"Get a mortar and pestle, crush it, insufflate for maximum effect."
Are you saying females talk a lot?
Yay for appropriation of a medical condition so that teenagers can try and feel edgy.
"No, not at all."
Me Unity
"If it has a messaging feature, it's clearly for dating and flirting!"
This team sucks..
cool dude we care so much about your lost loot from CLing.
Anything to bring down the Chinese
"Well, they have to all be converted to the metric system, which takes quite a bit of time."
Think of the magic seeds...hnggggg
Everyone knows that rail is safer.
"If they've already gone that far, I think they should add some LED backlight for the logo."
Sounds more like today you fucked up by bathing in your own jizz.
Sweet I didn't know that.
"Yeah, because if you have money, who needs love or companionship?"
"If made deep in china, all that extra fabric could have literally cost tens of dollars..."
Is deoxys the person with that glorious sparkling hound pet?
Omg one person downvoted might as well delete the post
They probably realized no one wanted to watch old gameplay of Ghosts anyway.
Because it's factory new duh
This thing is still bs at its br but hey it's the dev server and things will change!
"Well, maybe he posted it here first and then to the youtube comments"
"yes lets escalate the entire situation, thats not likely to make it worse or anything"
"Shhh... don't you know that a fat person is just ""a fat"" and not an actual person?"
but just look at how many people are reporting the same thing!
"Nah man, jet fuel can melt steel beams!"
STOP BEING SO LOGICAL!
Mama
when is it ?
But remember to always wear boots with it to aim in your jumping or head stomping.
Man they say expect it in 5-7 days.... Yeah something tells me they're gonna get a HUGE backlog.
"No, he opened it"
"Both teams are dirty guys, everyone diving for the ball"
Sometimes it gives doubting believers the courage to examine their beliefs more critically.
It's the Undertaker!
It was himself.
"They're ~4.5 lbs, but damn the metal chassis will still hurt."
Ice water.
You win.
"Come on, that Lopez flip shot is unguardable"
"You mean, ""The History of the Yankees, Red Sox, and Dodgers""?"
N
Hence the undeniable logic that you should do a chest week for every leg day.
Violence is okay only when I do it!
Haha
"Liar, everyone knows you're a gay dude."
"Seriously, it's very surprising that they didn't decide to ship the steels before the standard Time."
Hey Earl
"yeah, download and steam are via wifi only"
Why didn't Obama stop the levees in Katrina?
"Apparently, if you play the gif backwards, it says ""we buried Paul""."
"No dude Clady went down, time to fire sale the team in May."
"When I tailgate people at a stop, it's not because I hate the person in front of me, I hate the asshole trying to cut in from the left lane"
"Yes, this movie is exactly like transformers and expendables."
My wife and I sent invitations to people we knew wouldn't come because they would have been offended if we didn't.
Or just don't buy anything like that in the first place and live a normal life.
Hola!
Ruby Klay Thompson
"Steelers season opener against the Browns, Steelers only scored 3 pts in the second half and still won."
Cockgoblin.
"If you were living back then, you probably would."
"I've never heard of trying to ""cure"" paedophilia."
Also fix the range on the Disciplinary Action and fix the construction speed on the Jag.
"Talibans invading the US and killing citizens is a huge issue, good thing the US army kills them first."
OMG LOL DAT IZ LIEK SO GOOD.
"wait, i guess?"
"Just remember, both parties do it..."
It's super open as well.
"Next year there will be so many I love uncle Dave shirts, it won't even be funny anymore."
All of you shut the fuck up.
no killer instinct
3-4 hours
I don't know what they do in the other states.
"The wife is due a fairly sizeable bonus and we haven't got it all spent yet, so I'm holding out a bit of hope at least..."
"yeah, but I saw a homeless man with an iPhone."
I do 5 Jesus' a day and Doctors hate me!
Was F0rest out on probation?
welcome to the past decade or so of reading this.
Those PS2 terrain details?
.......
Wait this isn't an Onion article?
"If I had control over the game, this is where the *ominous DM grin* comes into play..."
"Well yeah duh, I guess without the s/ redditors can't get sarcasm"
Horror films have told me about the sort of things that happen outside cell reception.
"What are you talking about, Harbinger's *clearly* needed a buff"
But them government want to take my taxes and then fine me for speeding!
Yes.
"They were not following a school of communism, they just called themselves that to get weapons from China/USSR"
"6th gear is for when you redline in 5th, duh."
Somewhere a minimum wage dude watching the data-centre just had another reason to kill himself...
"It show the number of cardinals the nation has to the right, in that case 7. the ui isn't by cardinal, it is by nation"
Slap on the wrist fine he got too.
The same could be said about Transformers AOE and look how much that made.
Why would you watch the video or read the article when the title is clear as day.
"I was referring more to all the equipment being taken, but yeah that should help motivate you."
That's the most ignorant comment I've read in a while.
2: OP's girlfriend got kissed by a guy she met in a bar.
Mike Wazowski!
It would have been 5-0 with KP.. Just saying..
*Sources: yougov.com* I'm sure this survey had a fair and representative sample...
"Isn't it funny how a guy sitting on a gold chair can, with a straight face, tell people that you need to stay poor and subject to the whims of these rich folks so that you'll get a great reward in the eternal afterlife...but I'm going to take my reward here and now, because fuck waiting for that afterlife."
Pretty sure they're cows.
I think you need a
*Obviously* we're all malnourished sluts.
"(Possible S1 spoilers) Especially with her seeing a doctor about fertility later in the season, even though it was just a feint to trap her pregnant employee in a catch-22, I though there was still some symbolism about how she really does want a child (including sleeping with that photographer guy, so she has somewhat of a wild side and another type of life she wishes she could have had), but sacrifices that dream because she wants her husband to succeed"
"Yeah, and we know women NEVER complain about that."
The padding here should be at the edges of the signal - oversampling the Fourier response - not the time domain (at least based on how I read it).
Gleeb the fucking scumbag
...but its so progressive.
should have tagged it
"Hey now, not all muslims are terrorists, but I'll be damned if all terrorists aren't muslims."
"But but ""We're so close to our final prototype"""
"I was honestly thinking of doing something like that as a mod, that tool was immensely useful in SC4."
United Center North is a real thing
Commenters be trippin'
I wonder how long it will be before the SJWs completely break bad and start rationalizing that things like SOPA/PIPA are good things.
So it balances out!
Except I do the opposite with Tranq and just use it on CD even if we're on a 5 minute break.
Yeah her and her beautiful curves
"At minimum, it takes 20% of the total exp you would earn at the end of the dungeon and adds it to your total after calculation."
But fluids don't count and veggies and fruits are healthy so those dont count too.
High Five!
"Because, dude... The next season of survivor just started!"
No your creepy
Guild wars2 has a really good PvP/WvW system going on
I'm gonna guess they *look* like guys but they'd complain you're misgendering them or being a terrible shitlord for assuming they are guys without verifying each of their preferred gender IDs.
Vezina frontrunner?
Wow 1 win streak I'm sure you're still telling your counsellor about that one
"This is a very good way to look at it, OP."
Three works better (though this one uses 4 as can be seen to the right)
Brazzers...
Yeah it's pretty commonplace really!
because girls have to be in the kitchen and not somewhere else making jokes
"What are you talking about, that's how the sun really looks."
+1
"Well, if he didnt want his life to ve threatened by the Taliban then he shouldnt have helped aid our forces should he!"
Oh so like Paul's other letters?
Better a million 'deserving' people be denied than one person be allowed to commit fraud/take advantage of the system.
Not much?
the order of pics makes it look like you sold your brand new GTX 970 for a dusty PS3 *peasant*
You definitely need adobe reader and Google ultron (it's what NASA used) to make your Mac run amazingly.
"OP, your username just *screams* trustworthy."
Why are some of the Nashville fans cheering?
Because if you hit the front brake too hard you might somehow flip that 800 lb Fat Boy right over the handlebars!
maple story x bf
Who thought it was good to combine mouthwash with ice cream anyway?
"Another side scrolling game, super pumped."
My local theater charges 18$ but that's okay because in Switzerland we're all rich as fuck.
I'm sure you fat fucks with no military experience and a shitty semi automatic rifle could easily defeat the biggest army in history
"They will never understand that ""be yourself"" doesn't mean don't improve, it means ""don't be a fucking try-hard"""
"If he was a Bears fan, it may have been pretty tough for him at the time."
Doritos and Mountain Dew!
224
"Those god damn non white people better stop wearing Jeans, dancing Waltz, and enjoying classical music then."
Tall women should be forced to fuck short guys when skinny guys are forced to fuck fat women.
You forgot the
sounds like a blast.
"I can get you up to 140 subs again, but it's gonna cost ya!"
"Whoa there, someone needs anger management!"
That's hot
"Lashley gets in the title scene, BDC come out dominant, the Indian guy debuts , it's just inevitable this would be a complaint from a Southern Wrestling company fandom eventually"
and Saint's stream
I never realized Wind Waker was on the 3DS!
So when are we going to get a 3D printer to print me clean dishes?
Because clearly your incarceration wasn't your punishment.
Its their problem that they cannot speak Indian :D
What?
"What a profile in courage, Comcast."
"Me too, but you gotta admit Mexican food is nice!"
Have you been on the internet lately?
PROOFS?
"Ahh yes, the golden age of Russia was definitely after all those guys weren't in power."
Up...Up to the top with you!
"They pulled out during Ghost, so it's IW's fault."
"So great that there's suddenly all this money floating around, now that the NDP have been elected."
Black licorice
Oh the humanity!
Not at all.
"I'm pretty sure he means a literal siren, but I need more context before I can determine it."
This is so bizarre that it wraps back around and turns into 80's.
So I assume you have no problem with the fireball throwing little girl or the eyeball monster that shoots lasers out of its tentacles?
Fair enough.
That's cool.
30 for 30: Saints and Sinners
"Yeah, shit like the Marine Corps War Memorial doesn't glorify war at all."
"He's like a modern-day MLK, speaking up for the rights of oppressed corporate persons."
"Ok cool, how do I keep the juice inside of the tank?"
What's 6 supposed to be?
"Dolmens, bosses, then go to the next zone, the one VR doesn't make a difference in difficulty."
En ese buscador es donde puedo descargar mas ram verdad ?
"If you read the article you would see that things back then were not as bad as you are describing, and from a creators point of view, sometimes things were much better back then than they are now."
Stance socks are incredibly comfy though.
"Repression, gets em every time."
"Damn, the DiveCranks, goin HAM!"
M-MUH CLICKS WAAAAH
Fallen hate him!
ever important
"I heard that it was only VIP and above, not even torrent master."
That's how *I* refer to my penis as well.
Really hope Sony doesn't mess with the alpha line because they are KILLING this market.
actually a champion that got base ap would be pretty cool..
"very true, lots of options really."
The production quality of these videos is amazing.
Damn now I want one lmao
"I, for one, look forward to the hundreds of targeted ads I'll receive because I called my GF at work so she would pick up a shovel, tarp, and duct tape on her way home."
I've started smoking.
I think you can try host an invite only session for more variety (if you're looking for something specific) but I agree that the variety sucks for general online.
7 rebounds
At lease.your honest.
Yeah what have the unions ever done for us!...
I was referring to the Occupy Wall Street movement obviously.
Nice DI collection :)
I'm going with this.
Yeah Richard Lewis doesn't know anything
What effect does this have on the role of the petrodollar?
Seriously?
That's how you make money.
"Now that it became a utility the control, restrictions, and public protection are foremost priority when previously it was just consumer issues it is now public welfare : first world problems"
"oh gee, I just did, had no idea it covers BJs, anal, and bestiality all in one word!"
"Oh well, almost everyone here is very good in trading"
"Right, it doesn't seem to work on mobile."
"Wow, you just harrased and doxxed her."
"I cannot brain today, I have the dumb."
"Well done, community"
"Hey, those books *might* hurt someone's feelings, so we'll get overly offended on their behalf and then demand the fire-bombing of all libraries to make sure the job is done."
"that's like old-timey old people music... go back to the retirement home, gramps"
"tl;dr I'm taking over, boyz - RenegadeCristo"
I figure it probably won't be that bad.
"Sounds like the standard late 109 DM, one pink wing = dead."
1st round exit to WCF I like your definition of hinder
Yeah and OU had TCU signals and that helped a ton...
Your ass belongs to me now
"nothing has ""no friction"" ice is most slippery when it's smooth and close to freezing temperature where it can easily melt, so when you do have solid footing on the ice a thin layer of it melts away"
"yeah, a world without religion all fluffy bunnies and butterflies."
I can't believe we're actually saying that now.
I always thought that the LBJ reference was about how he became President and the conspiracy theory associated with that.
"Oh hell, this worked for once... probably because I used a fresh email, but whatever works."
Government technology is 30 years ahead.
That's why you jump up stairs in gta4 any other way is for fucking casuals..
"it's his life and he wants to be free, let him live it and stop being a fucking asshole."
Yeah but just cause you're financially downtrodden doesn't mean you can't own a $300 phone
Even sharepoint would be better.
Our opposition has alot of ridiculous people for sure.
Lol just take your agenda post elsewhere.
Probably shouldve said
we will continue to pay him 6mil a year thru his entire collapse.
Bro that 88mm anti-aircraft gun from the hip is the best
The US and UK...pinnacles of racial equality and tolerance.
Reddit hates me :(
"Thank you, we're glad we could contribute to the succes PSV and Ajax currently enjoy!"
He will build a suit and kill Death.
Iron clad logic
I think you're missing the point
I think the joke went over your head... Tehnut seems to have forgotten to put the
Maybe if they bumped up the prize money they'd get more interesting people applying too?
"Cool, so that gives Ukraine the ability to attack Russia because the land was originally the USSR's and not Russia's."
But you have all those woods for your workshop....
Now I know the stress combatants were put under...
"But isn't that like, your job?"
$5 dollar boost me pls
"Me encanta los pantalones con queso, son deliciosos"
I concur...
W r
Iowa State is STILL ranked ahead of us.
but guys it was a conspiracy to help Duke win
"Yeah, really looks like the downvotes brigade is out to get you right now"
BUT THEY LOOK SO COOOOOOOL
Yeah that rear end crumple zone is very effective
"idk about you, but i don't want nuts for Christmas^yes^i^know^it^is^a^saying"
Reddit = Trku - SimpleBE 2014
Saves her the trouble of firing their racist asses later.
Jaleel White
but but denial won champs they're world champions now doesn't that make THEM the best
I really like this logic.
Load time: SSD - 27.07 seconds HDD - 49.17 seconds
sure manchester is regarded as the the best city of culture in the world
Wow how creative
"No guys it's fine, if God wanted her to stay in that school he would have healed her faster, he works in mysterious ways you now."
Your ex is a child?
But Italian is just Spanish with a lisp
Consoles
"So true, savings $10 on a tank of gas makes me want to just get out of the house and drive around the city for fun...."
to get obliterated by Bjergsen.
don't you know that those people died in wars only so PoC's could vote?
"I'll make one for you, if you give me every single type of plush available."
Please tell me you forgot the
We need more things to be thankful for the next year
"i think the Supreme Court will rule that to properly implement ACA, it needs to be single payer."
Yea but I'd rather save that one keypress and type bae instead of babe.
"Uuuuh, It's called ""The Emperor's New Groove"""
"You're not wrong, you're just an ass."
With the money she saved on groceries by only eating 800 calories per day.
Maybe that was just God stabbing him in the face.
I'll be sharpening my pitchfork while I wait for someone to explain how the patriots used this to their advantage and why they're cheaters.
"The Master System is already a console product though, under what alternative banner should we boast superiority over the console plebs."
"Yeah, he definitely deserved decapitation via booby-trap."
Well duh.
Is that some pokemon shit?
"It isn't loading, I'm already waiting 30 minutes..."
Because his opinion is wrong obviously.
"Yep, that's what happens when you turn on the A/C in the Volcano Fortress."
"The gov't has our best interests at heart, just trust them."
here let me add this.
"A belated, ""_bless you_"" should be just fine."
It's cause nintendo practically OWNS sega!
Don't be racist.
"He's dusting off a classic, obviously."
"Well yeah, Sven is a pretty important target to catch with Ravage."
Fuck off m8
"Yea, fuck having a job and being able to afford these things - fuck it to hell"
(Just like the person making that photo)
Such a common sight.
Yeah just like the cowards that ran the underground railroad to stay hidden.
They are totally saving that for the movie.
And the west is the beacon of mental development..
You should get over yourself because you feel that you deserve to be treated like a normal human being.
"Gavin during every Worms, he's obviously faking it!"
"I mean honestly, Dwight or no Dwight, Nick Young was not going to be stopped by anyone."
What is the world coming to when you can't peacefully assault and try to shoot a police officer
Then they would bitch about us winning in such a cheap way
Maybe it's his way of saying that he's not having a hard day.
Valdez.
Karma whoring for t-shirts will definitely get the s/n ratio up on the default subs.
I can't wait for both of your games tbh.
This is sad... some people think this mock-up is real and are salivating like Pavlov's fucking Dogs... over a goddamn fake collectors edition of a remake of a game they've probably played before.
"These people are always just screaming one thing: ""I'm not secure in my decision, I wish I could go out whenever I wanted, and I JUST WANT TO VALIDATE MYSELF!"""
I really like Water Balloon and the last one.
Do I have to pick them up or do they deliver?
*Vol'jin* not Zol'jin
"If it makes you feel better, you didn't overpay him and he's going to Cooperstown in a Cards hat."
What the fuck are you talking about?
Those were Chilean.
"Well, there's a reason why it's one of the CLASSIC BLUNDERS!"
I admire your dedication and I look forward to your future endeavors
The fact that there are so goddamn many of them shows that the industry as a whole is making a shitton of money.
Or well-written characters.
Fucking Rasaee is in Instagram?
Have we no workhouses?
Yes.
:D
How do you manage life?
"I know it's a joke, but if there were ever a land invasion of the US a large portion of the population would be out there with their own guns shooting at anyone who came near."
"Hey, he didn't insult you when he could have given you a sick burn about how your knee is only kind of good enough and plus he wasn't a *total* asshole so he deserves to get what he wants from you as a reward!"
The definition of literally has literally not changed.
Put some hash oil in that gerber shit you know'msayin.
"Either they are the type of people that should not be targeted in these discussions, they're not anywhere near the problem."
Then **reschedule** it
I'm just going to down a bottle of laxatives and chase it with a bottle of Pepto Bismol and see who wins.
BUT...BUT...IT WOULD BE SHINY
"Relative to your phone case, your phone is held in place, too."
askscience?
"Their neighbor's salary literally comes out of their ridiculously-inflated taxes, might be the reason why."
I like you.
"Ooh, I've never thought of that..."
Cat.
Nope...first place in mine.
But bb y :c
"That's skepticism, not pessimism."
No way
But why?
"So if I wait until after my subscription expires before cashing out, I won't have to pay the transaction fees?"
Fight Club - literally about a club that fights.
you got rekt gurl
"Heh, look at this idiot!"
"Yeah my brother told me (spoiler)[those simple quests where you go around and ask for help to go save Ciri and defend Kaer Moran, give about 1000xp each.]"
"If there was such guarantee on winning, then this wouldn't be called betting."
"No, this one is from Naruto"
"I always loved these shorts with Jenson and Lewis, they're naturally a funny couple."
"Red is a cringey douchebag, green gives him the response he deserves."
No it's clearly still Delly
I've been waiting up all night for you.
"Generally I didn't like the English dub, but I always really liked Jiraiya's English voice actor."
T
This is getting so old
"Republicans: Freedom for incorporated people, not for flesh-and-blood people."
"Wow, CBS is so good at recruiting"
I know I was kidding
I thought deleting you're internet history was a crime?
damn now i feel like i bought an actual gun for no reason.
"Here, I think you dropped your"
Rubick: he get's a 2nd spell steal... oh wait he has a Aghanims...
To become rich is glorious comrade!
What would washing it do?
You're clearly missing the deep discussion created by this post.
Maskdmann has changed his name to 'ur smurf'
Maybe where they come from being a grocery clerk is an esteemed position from which you can practically be your own boss.
Clearly this is the liberal media trying to corrupt and shame a honest reporter's integrity.
"I don't know almost anything about meditation, but I'm willing to learn."
Don't worry Jordan Matthews is going to be the best Eagles receiver ever and anyone can play in this scheme..
I used to do that with a ti30xa calculator I had in grade school lol.
It shrinks?
Dedest gaem.
"he really saw right through you, huh?"
Rightists are scared of anything near a government.
Somebody has to pay for that damage
"That's fucking beautiful, man."
Because they would totally honor that ...
"Man, too bad he's a meth-head and thus doesn't deserve rights."
I only ours banned jews from entering the country for almost 40 years and on further reading how monks and Jesuits were 'not to be tolerated'.. ain't constitutions great?
Thanks Comcast!
"Wow, Na'Vi is throwing, they all tried to knife him."
"Nalla irukaen, Machi :)"
I wouldn't go as extreme as losing the boyfriend to focus on training just yet..
Have you seem how big the MCG is?
Higher than Jimi Hendrix* we listen to real music here not that dumb lil wayne shit.
Plenty of positions opening up at the local yacht dealership.
i said mom lets grab the keys and just drive away she said i'm sorry mark but there's nowhere to stay :(
Just imagine what honey badger cores could do.
You are entitled to your very wrong opinion.
"10 goals in 16 CL match, 34 goals in 60 league match so overrated."
Well then I guess fingers crossed for a remake of New Vegas on ps4.
"Rude and uncalled for, shitlord."
Not being able to discriminate even though my pastor says I should is the government taking away my religious freedoms.
"by all means, continue talking about the website and not the points made in the article"
holy shit thats me (Sorgus)
"Right, there's no way that's an alt account of an experienced player, they genuinely started playing PoE today."
The Vatican?
yay... so exciting.
O dear... The fundamental breakdown of society is upon us.
The fact he's buck ass naked shoveling snow as a joke really speaks to his great character and thoughtfullness.
But guys...this doesn't line up with the Marvel/Netflix conspiracy theories!
"Youre part of that forum, you are horrible horrible man child."
cherish..cuz that fucker is going to score 30 goals in columbus
"His plan to Carnegie his way into a good reputation is working, though if he manages to cure malaria or something I think I can get over Netscape."
"I dont see California anywhere, because we the west is the best!"
The conditioner analogy kind of proves my point - don't leave product in stuff that is in contact with your skin if you want to be on the safe side.
r/montageparodies
That will be 40 years of fandom for me... Shit.
Is that a patriarchal buzz-word to keep women down?
Sigggghhhhh..
"Wellp, guess modders are pirates now."
"But if somebody pretends to love you, that is very different than them loving you"
"No, all you have to do is type vehicles = true; if zombietouchingwall = true stop else donststop;"
This game should get an HD remake
And this is what happens when a worn crawls across a live electric wire.
You could grab some around town and store them there in case there is an emergency.
Gotta get that ad revenue.
Now that is awesome news!
"Sorry guys, apparently even *science* says gender is a social construct."
Women love being compared to one another.
well she's obviously a lesbian
What does the Prime Minister of Canada have to do with anything?
ITT a whole lot of sheeple
But what a great opportunity to find the next Amanda Brunker!
"Get out of this sub with your logic, pal."
Somewhere in every major city in north america...
Yeah but standard is boring and lame and low power because they never print cards that impact legacy and modern.
Crickets
"Yeah Overkill, just change the way the engine works, it's so easy!"
Can't beat German engineering!
"Dont you know, a game cant be fun if it doesnt have blood and guns and curse words in it."
"Burn prolif is not broken, I repeat, burn prolif is NOT broken"
"Well, 200 kph is a perfectly reasonable speed then."
time 4 one underdog to win and everyone talks crap about how the aussie scene is rigged
Right.
"Oh but due to your ownership of a vagina, you clearly inherently know how to do things and he would have to put actual effort into learning to do things."
what a perfectly logical place for a stop sign
So kawaii
"gold, guns, and bitcoins."
I forgot my
BECAUSE REASONS!
Well he did say literally.
"Oh the credible sources of wikipedia, how high have you risen."
This and 8-8 are so hilarious!
yes thats exactly what I meant with all the venom and hate you insinuate.
"And many of you are *wrong*, sir!"
you would have some money if you stopped buying marijuanas
"Nuh-uh, we stopped them."
I don't hate it but I don't love it either.
I'm sure her history as a national level athlete outside of CrossFit had nothing to do with her success.
What an asshole.
"Nah brah, it's just **REALISM**."
"Right, let's not bother to do anything, and put it in the hard basket."
"But wait, didn't killing Napster end all file-sharing forever?"
So basically giving Canadians playing time is inversely related to on-field success?
"Perhaps opening the profession to H-1B visas will help, just as it has with the engineering and software trades."
Good thing cyclists only bike for recreation and never for commuting
Such a shameless plug.
There goes Obummer again stomping on small business trying to tell that what to do!
"Pffffffft, dude can't even field a punt."
Subtitled movies hurt my brain.
"Yeah, that *middle-of-the-day* really fucked him."
"Why waste your time licking door knobs and toilet seats, just buy some tape worms."
"I, too, am mad at this stranger's cat that allegedly sat on his pizza."
You forgot the
That's why I work out as often as I do if you-know-what-I-mean
"On the plus side, that will undoubtedly lead many more people to the inescapable conclusion that the whole system is rotten, which will feed our numbers."
Anti-bitching barrier is my guess since he can handle carla.
at the end of the video he says that he hasn't been impounded plus you know he'd make a video about it getting impounded
1GB 550ti....
Head Shots
Like how us humans don't let the handicapped have babies...
I'd be fine with that.
Sully had too much jelly his foot couldn't take it
Asus Ai Suite shows me my Vcore correctly with a z97-pro gamer.
Or he read all of the comments and basically summed up the whole movie
"Hey man, it's not easy being green."
Was that sarcastic?
Don't say that shit again.
Whooooosh!
Which guns are you doing for the betelguese?
Excellent!
It wants to make fucking lardcake offspring.... KILL IT!
So Kucherov wasn't hurt and was faking and is a diver
100+ or trash
This woman is among the worst potential consequences of the attacks.
What is the reason I work on my own car
Just last year people were complaining that her rookie babyface character she debuted with was too vanilla and one-dimensional.
I know the feels
"This is cool and all, but I don't like mods that aren't cannon"
Ah the prodigal son returns...
2/10 not even purple
a really ugly 300 pound power clean is kinda cool to watch and a great display of strength in it's own way
Way better than fucking Bill Miller BBQ.
Great progress for Syria!
Why are you getting mad?
Appears to be a drug deal going down.
It would seem the end is indeed a lie...
Who saw this coming?
"Steve, Joe, and Gwendelin."
And one post being smarmy about it.
How is kid kill?
Yeah I was saying you can take credit but you probably stole it so at least admit that... Bad joke... Don't hate me though the Australian accent is one of my favorites!
"Yeah, after sex."
"Define ""bad wrestler."
I took it as a highway vs freeway joke.
How little must you think of the community you've built to treat them like children?
"That's good to know, after I posted that last comment I realized it didn't really seem to allow continuous dog piling, and it seems like if you dog pile and kill someone early they're going to have a bunch of dead wizard cards for the next round if I understood that mechanic correctly."
Sea Shanty 2 or Baroque.
"heh, ""Turtle Engie"" double meaning right there"
Does anyone else find it really awkward that Morrow is 29 and still texts like a 7th grader?
Walmart - duh.
There has been a disturbance in the force.
Definitely got Nutmeg confused with Nutella and got very confused reading that.
I'm so glad I lived long enough to see hair metal get cool again!
"Yea, but I need my phone to tell me that stuff."
How can you be BOTH white AND European?
I'm going to call it at $200-225.
"Oh yeah, tons of evidence for that in the article"
Is this the actual set or a fan made recreation?
You are a cool person
Or Flea.
he facebooked him then tweeted him and then killed him
"Cersei isn't pregnant, and Lena Headey was when the scene was filmed."
So excited to wear my gear to the game tomorrow now.
I think CP437 encoding needs to be used.
"But in answer to your original point: ""Hey you, what's your number?"""
First you have to figure out how to waddle out of your Moms basement tough guy.
"His New song ""falling away"" is around 13 Mins."
"Well that's because Reagan did more for this country and deserves that time off, duh!"
I want someone to tell me what I want
Because you're so stupid.
Of course it would never have anything to do with the resonance of his message.
"Uh, his name's Pip Boy"
[M] Better not be.
"Carry Enigma is where its at, get with the meta noob."
The yellow ranger is dead.
He's putting those educated feet to good use
But that's transphobic!
I agree Vettels antics were annoying but allow them to change it for their home GP and Monaco at least.
Well technically it's a loading overlay.
As someone with an extremely heavy interest in bio-chemical neuroscience/neurobiology I most definitely consider mercury a neurotoxin as much as I consider water to be wet.
Clearly Erron Black is a re-imagining of Jarek since Netherrealm is not capable of creating new characters.
Keyboard works for typing your password/character name...
"Squash is pretty good, its an easy game to learn, but a hard game to get really good at, so there's people at all levels."
"Agreed, you've been given a random assortment of meat chunks."
Hey quit blasting that guy!
If he was a woman he'd be 39 cents
This is grandma give me that pizza.
"I understand the implication behind it, I've just never heard it used like that before."
That's obviously because Microsoft made it so their tablet would recognize Chrome and make it run slower on purpose which in turn makes IE look better in comparison.
"I go to offline places, with nice environment * Second bonfire on Heide (to see the sea and the dusk) * The Place Unbeknownst, on FotFG (because the sound of the tree) * The Altar of Amana (when the brunette Milfanito is singing)"
GPU has to try hard to be that bad.
Use the heart instead of a pump.
"Yeah, durant should just retire now"
I'm just here to piss him off with my Svorak layout.
Should just pay in bitcoin
Meeee
YEAH YOU GUYS ARE ALL RACIST
I hate high schoolers
Thank you.
"We started out posting pictures of pigs, then moved up to hams, and then into slamming attractive humans through their favorite hashtags, the mooing was amazing, some of us got some serious hatemail from these butter golems."
FIRE TORNADO
"Uh, we have a black guy running for president too, isn't that enough for you?"
"its my least favorite season for sure, I can see where OP is coming from."
"And if you like scifi check out Moon, the underappreciated gem."
"Most people categorize ""makes me look bad"" and ""doesn't make me look good"" together, so just say ""it's not flattering"" and be done with it."
Let's give them 25 extra points in every game that they're playing a lower seed.
Every player on Elements (the roster with nyph) went to s4 worlds look how they dominated
At my high school a group of kids shot a deer and left it on the band's trailer... hilarious.
Gott im Himmel...
"Hey, he's only hoping to make a human connection, you monster."
We all know that James Harden is literally Hitler
Looks pretty great!
Statement stating that calling things a circlejerk is in of itsself a circlejerk
"I'm sure if this was CSI, we'd get a better look at the Teaser."
He was -20 because he only played 25 minutes.
Not unless his feet are numb!
"But without woodwinds, the people hundreds of feet away from the field are going to miss hearing those pretty flutes and clarinets!"
"A Doctor Who convention, because they would all be freaking out about Weeping Angels and hurting themselves in their panic."
TIL nationalised rail network = automatically lower fares
"I havent seen Unidan around recently.. Say, what happened to that guy?"
"Just remember if you're an archeologist and you find something weird instead of doing work and finding out the origin or purpose of it and how it was made, just throw your hands up and say it was aliens"
"you filthy capitalist, you think you know everything"
We must be playing the console version
Obviously that was a plot to prevent them from being able to say they are tax payers.
Because team chemistry is overrated
When Hai was at his best he was playing Zed and Fizz and Kha as assassins.
lotr mythology explained
"Thank you for enlightening us, oh great knowledgable one."
Too bad he's being held back right?
"No John Cena 0/10, not all best Johns."
IIRC Jashodaben converted that White woman and 'that' Peter to Hindus.
"but hey, Arch is *super* streamlined, is the best minimal distro"
All white people look the same
But this is totally different and you know it!
Wow that kid was obviously a part of Hamas and was capable of killing Israelis with his stones
me
Black's out!
That face is unnerving as fuck
DAE LE COD
You would think...
What an appropiate user name.
LoL EPIC TROLE XD
SV stays relevant doing the latter and liquid enjoys it.
Why would he ruin the game like that?
I dont know why anyone uses a scripting language for backend when theres C and C++
Did you just comment on your own link you fucking aspie dolt
she likes you m9 ask her out just be confident
Nah i think were better off spending 4 billion on elections over a couple months instead of spending it on those pointless space things....
"Because my culture is completely correct and the standard against which all others should be measured, obviously."
But but but but but.... What about all that karma?
BUt Ronney is a shit player
Bigger butts I hope
"Because sexism is always bad, regardless of context, no matter what."
Yes because you totally have the right to take all his vehicles and anything worth anything including fucking TVs
they took too much work to animate.
Yeah... You should be shot dead for being belligerent.
"Because really heroine only does about 2/5 of the work of a male ""hero"""
Because Dumoulin Harrington Bortz Martin Bennett kapenen jarry Sundqvist are all so crappy
"I mean obviously there is no way to verify it or anything lol, but I would bet money that Snoop didn't know who Lowe was"
Lots of hate and huge credibility hit.
SOooo he gets kicked out of the KHL now... right?
Hot tub time!
Or maybe a god has an unknown but ultimately benevolent purpose to bring this soul into the world through this busted organic vessel to suffer rather than place the same soul into the next available healthy body.
There is only one top man left after that top quality incident a while back.
I love your dual language comments!
"Maybe that was just when he forgot his son's birthday, lol"
How much does it cost to get into NiP?
"Damn, that's probably a bit above my current skill level, or laziness threshold."
Oh yea got another edit... ESPN Postgame: Dwight Howard better be suspended or else nothing is fair in the NBA.
+1 for a Lenovo Thinkpad
Those are the paths that the US Army is going to march political dissenters too when they impose martial law.
NinjaJacques is his side-kick.
"Yeah, subconscious muscle movement is entirely a trick of the devil to get you to waste time holding pencils."
But norns drink more.
"yEAH maybe in 2012, sry"
Netanyahu is getting dangerously close to self-parody.
I really NEED this on a shirt
I am now convinced that Gabe is the only one working at valve and everyone one else is actually a bot.
"No, should've told her not to knock sex with llamas until she tried it."
"Oh, Russia is even better..."
"One of their goals is to have a number of options for each role in game, so it'd actually fit in line with what they're doing already."
That guy with the raging hardon wants to rape my soul.
I miss tastosis ;)
NSFW man
Awesome necklace too
"Given that he's basically crazy, thats probably a good thing."
"I'd call it an action platform just because I don't know what genre ""First Person Puzzle Platformer"" falls into."
"well, it's about time you did this thing I've been demanding that you do, but YOU DID IT WRONG."
"No, I thought that my dream was very realistic all along and achievable."
I love Alfie just as much as the next person but I can't justify calling him a hhof cause he hasn't done shit in his life worthy of the hall of fame.
Not as bad as the touchy Mighty Mouse/Weidman fans lol
And here I thought that only happened in anime.
"If you look *really* hard, you can see Ian Paisley's face in Northern Ireland."
Don't worry - they'll be in Best Buy soon.
KURT WARNER NOT COMING BACK
Is there a proper technique or is hurting yourself by punching inevitable?
The damn name drops on just the table would turn me off from that place in a heartbeat.
"that was pretty good, reminds me of the episodes he used to do years ago"
"I am glad I stopped trying to play tournaments, and my wallet is glad too."
They have been known to just delete repos because they conflict with a staff members view on social justice.
Now kiss
Just mute them.
play scylla
I had to stifle giggles.
joke?
Yeah... still don't see it.
Lol bert saved steves career
She sure seems worth $15 on hour.
Yay lets all pat these brave women on the back for posting oh so sexy photos of themselves in attempt to shame a man.
That would be a great way to build him up for the July 4 title match right?
omg u pley 1.6 nubfg .cs;nexon 4 lyfe
He is way better than Anders and Semmler
Does that explain Ganondorf's shitty moveset from 2001 to now?
THE METS MAKE ME SMILE!
Donkey Kong 64?
"Yeah, I'm sure a dead show would be just excruciating if you weren't on some sort of substance."
Not if you have female employees.
"Makes sense if you think about it, you're acclimating your body to the microbes in the environment by introducing them to your digestive system."
"Yeah OP, just pull triple your budget out of your ass, totally worth it"
Normally yes but it seems that the internet reserves a special kind of hate for the bieber
just wait til summer split week one where we play CST and WFX and link does well just to show us how wrong we were and he's actually really deserving of his position
"Cool, i never would have gotten that without your help."
Those two things are not mutually exclusive.
Cause one idiot is everyone else
cuntslayer
Who needs actual clubs and venues when we can just have festivals every weekend!
You forgot the
"welp, i guess they did lose the game because of 1 person definitely have to replace him now"
That drip tip though!
"u dont say, lol"
Maybe myth busters could do an episode to confirm.
Thank god they started calling him dubie HA HA GET IT I MADE A WEED JOKE
"Well obviously since she's gay and a female her opinions don't matter and either way, are probably wrong."
Not even Super Weenie Hut Junior's
Je niet realiseren dat je reiskosten kan declareren maakt je niet meteen corrupt.
"bruh,"
Thanks Obama.
chief keef is crazy and hood so this makes sense
illuminati confirmed
"Why not post a picture of the order, then the boxes, then the parts not assembled, then during the assembling, then after the assembling, then after the first boot, for karma reasons"
But their dogs are just *so badass*!
Chilling.
they should burn alarmist to stay warm
"nightmares of white men, wet dreams of white women, same shit."
This is why I do not want to visit India
It's a good thing that we have people like you to tell us who is a real Canadian and who isn't!
"Yes, the internet will get all friendly because of this."
"Also more disclosure of any interest groups or lobbyists backing the research, or any other points of research bias, because it seems that this is the single most common cause for conflicting research findings."
Let's gooooo!
"Ah good, better make sure to do some stat padding and suiciding."
"It was just trying to ascend into a true AMD card, but the cooling failed."
Produced by the History Channel!
"just wait for the darius buffs to come through, and the dunking legacy can be fulfilled im sure the ult changes make him LCS viable"
Because Earthbound and Mother are totally unpopular with anyone else except Japan.
"Holy shit, the Warriors play in the West?"
The media has certainly been too easy on Snowden....
well.... it was milwaukee
"Of course, conservatives always stick to what they say before elections."
You're obviously racist because you noticed she was black.
It is if they pay entry level rates.
"Yep, like the other guy commenting on this lol"
"If you're publicly drunk and aggressive, you can be aggressive to anyone and it's ok to do so."
Tape a desk fan to your computer
I like how he has different scenarios
No he's just a sellout who bans his subs for just being in chat.
Cloud chasing is new?
"Hold on, hold on, I think I fixed mine!"
You mean us actual Nexus users?
"But don't you get it businesses that allow their slav---erm, I mean employees to get abortions are EVIL."
"Move Toure to CDM, Di Maria/Fernandinho at Right CM, and either IF David Silva at CAM"
NNNNNOOOOOOOooooooooo
"I know this is off topic, but has anyone actually pm'd you their cleavage?"
Must've been them dam flying machines.
"First thing to do is ask reddit, because that makes sense."
I can't wait for Top Gear to review this and hate it because it's American.
"We're nothing like ISIS, the only people that we kill are the evil people who need to be killed!"
Yay for fraud!
It's nice to see that the progressive policies of our country fainally pays off.
Because men are so privileged that they have no reason to get depressed.
That is an awesome use for that meme.
"Omg even if shes overweight and u dont find her attractive u should like her, you shallow pig"
What's his patreon?
No idea... Food or sleep it's hard to tell.
Good thing we skipped current gen then!
"Man I thought racial issues in the world were worrying turns out emojis are the biggest problem facing minorities and all these ""racial tensions"" I hear about must not be real..."
BUT SHE'S A WOMAN AND BEING HARRASSED LISTEN AND BELIEVE SHITLORD
Please don't e-sault me.
But we hear Putin is personally on the case so I am sure the truth will come out soon.
"my favorite is in the beginning of ep313 when walt says he'll need som assurance before he goes over to gus's car and Mike replies ""**I assure you that I could kill you from way over here if that makes you feel any better**"""
Because girls are totally obligated to be in a relationship at all times am I right guys?
"Hopefully, the shield is just really bad."
Hecz and Boze are in the call too #OpTicFamily
"That's actually a gendered insult, I'd prefer if you used boogeyperson."
Members of the patriarchy can't joke
Don't forget about that cool Indy brand TV
Because the P/F-80 are tiered right!
"I don't know why black people seem to think racism still effects them, don't they know it doesn't exist anymore?"
Him jumping out of the way from being boarded.
"Yeah, not a biased source at all"
see me in melee
Am I doing it right?
Still less confusing than buying Hearthstone GvG Packs.
Just type
I think its ok to rape a girl in a short skirt because shes asking for it....... consequences be damned?
Really underrated player
IIRC it was ultramarine...
You could be a shower.
Found his neighbor
handjammies...?
You know that's right MC Clap Yo Handz.
BECAUSE THIS FUCKING REG OH MY GOD.
~ was back for the next session of the Senate?
I'd add it to my IRA and SPEND it on $1000 worth of index fund shares.
i thought i had a bad eye for Shopped images
I'd say Dark Souls except that you can change equipment and upgrade yourself.
When the teams were balanced.
"My guess is the Netherlands, since I have the around the same speeds in the rural area..."
Making long term sexual promises as rewards was probably a good sign the relationship was going downhill
On a day to day basis roads can have a big impact on a person's impression of a place.
Malaysia's aviation industry needs to get it's shit together.
"sometimes speaking the truth isn't always the best thing to do, even if your boss sucks at his job."
"Rule of third was broken in a few shots in the trailer, so that could easily be the case."
How *dare* you not give him a story to beat off to!
"I like the Look of the Mako more, thanks."
How naive you are.
It's pretty well known that the CIA traffics drugs to bolster its slush fund isn't it?
Consent is a key part of lucid dreams.
Cop: he said he needed help!
Amiibos host human matches as a side spectacle
Console-only players.
They should probably just use snipers to take out speeders; it's much safer for the cops.
"I haven't noticed text problems (except signal loss), but MMS is a total crapshoot - send or receive :("
"Nah man, didn't you know it's only the bitter paranoid tims that don't want them up?"
"Ohhhh yes, face hunter"
"Do they call it the ""Support the haters fund?"""
That's how you do it right?
or radical feminist trolls with a legion of fake accounts.
"With a name like that, I would think you would understand perfectly fine!"
Off Day Thread 11/18/~~15~~14 - Taco Tuesday Edition
I'm not sure I could care about anything less than Barista Magazine.
"And yet, not one of them have won the lottery."
You might be illiterate.
individ.
You for got the
Damning Curse.
To bad there wasn't a van there to protect him.
Or on a second floor balcony?
lol.
The lack of splitscreen games on consoles....
Something something Rhino Buster suit
But just think about the street cred you'd get!
What are you some kind of dirty socialist?
"15 energy, 5k x 2, 10k mana, 2x UKs"
This made me sad
smart move
consider them yours
"Na, according to ""liberal"" theology, ""living"" wage is paid with magic money, so this is clearly a case of evil corporations gouging the consumer."
"I am shocked, SHOCKED, to hear that this is happening in Britain."
I think it would be cool if there was a scaling point system based on those odds
Ugh I hate you... because you have the patience to get 99 agility and fishing... the only two capes I want :( Nice account thou ^.^
Yes guys he quit the Yogscast
"On the plus side, being referred to as chick is wayyyyyy better tha being referred to as bitch."
"It's an expression and you understand the meaning, stop being pedantic."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand you're doxxed.
But they recruit so many from college!
"If there's a market for it, someone will provide it."
"OK, so the GM, too."
Yes
"1 ton of bricks =/= 1 ton of feathers, so why should calories be different?"
Because we all know that racism and homophobia are confined to the South.
Oh and... maybe we should call it unranked competitive matchmaking.. WoW QQ
"Yeah, because if the science wasn't there, it would be wrong."
2 tires have to stay on the track
"yeah if only you ignore the fact that there was enough evidence to indicate a fucking police frame-up by the white-supremacist scumbag kop who once dated nicole brown, otherwise it's *just like* a billionaire getting a free pass for assaulting a flight attendant"
Ugh this made me ill
\#glutenfree \#fairtrade \#freerange \#pretentious \#annoying \#hipster
Pretty sure professor plum is a stem shitlord
"Du solltest ausgewiesen werden... Gelb, also echt... Schwarz-Rot-Gold, kein langweiliges gelb."
Because those two things are even remotely relatable.
*my leg*
If we go 4-4 I'm very happy.
"Oh god, the spelling!"
But adding porn makes thing so edgy and fun!
Haha because all black people look alike amirite?
And then I pull out my d-tilt and RAR back air and show you my true speed
"Yeah, but their first line center is getting paid like a lot like a good second line center, so it's all relative."
I want my RS232 and VGA ports back.
But what if I use Google+?
Where go I?
If I get it for more than 25$ then I getting ripped off
"His position is incorrect in that torture would not have helped in that scenario, but not the scenario itself."
That's so racist!
I didn't think I needed to add a
10 software updates and you have a 50% range increase
The damage was caused by said user and taped by the same person.
The Sir-sandwich is usually reserved for recruit use...
Some say he's still trying to land a decent hook...
Oh but its your job you should care soooo much.
omg gimu why you no translate right
Wow..breaking news
"No you fool, it's supposed to guard the artillery from tanks coming down the lake road!"
"Halo 5 multiplayer - playable December 12th, 2015"
"Maybe Timmy or Dirk, they took ring chasing to a whole new level."
I thought it was a Judas Priest/Michael Jackson mashup title.
"it's actually a commonwealth, peasant"
"Quite the rebel, aren't you?"
Dunno I've been using the stick on the xbox360 controller and it's working fine.
Just punt the little fucker
Aww that's so sweet...
"yeah, fuck them for requiring evidence before arresting people"
This is what we get when we take *abstinence only* out of the curriculum.
If anyone had told me in S3 that Piglet would be replaced on a team by KEITHMCRBRIEF.............. lol
"You can send me a trade offer, I'll give it straight to focs"
Yeah the LPO constitution isn't the law of the land.
Garbodor on my face.
still better than the takfiris!
Gotta have some fried bread between those regular bread to balance out the fat and carbs.
"Alright I'll try it out, cheers mate"
"Runaway everyone, you're a pedophile if you like someone this age!"
Got a problem against waters of color?
"No, he was saying kids whoring themselves out for motorcycles is ok, but consensual acts among adults is deplorable."
"Yes, in June hopefully they fix it"
Your inbox flooded yet?
"Yes, because every time you see someone post something on the internet, it has to be exposed as some kind of viral marketing attempt."
Buy a bigger monitor?
"Problems with memory, bias, bad interview techniques and all the issues around our trickster brains are my primary interest in this case."
"They've also been doing great work in eliminating the worlds biggest problems: witches, and women drivers"
"Well, too be honest isn't that how aircraft should work?"
Always count on the Sun to be reasonable and restrained.
"Doritos and Mountain Dew, right?"
In all fairness Luton is horrible.
It's a problem because Half Life is on something that isn't Steam.
Oh well that changes everything
Yes it was the magazine that killed the 12 people
"Everything wrong with Michigan is Detroits fault, don't you know?"
"Because Divine Ruin, Brawlers Beatstick, Pestilence and Weakening Curse isnt enough."
"A true redditor, I am."
"I'm from Texas, I have the cloud to butt extension, and I do cross fit."
"yeah, but Myers is bigger so obviously Myers is better."
It got stuck
not 10k?
"Hey baby, long time no see."
What a funny litte joke
"Israel is more renowned for its high-tech and defense industries, rather than seafood/olive exports."
That must be why weekend 1 tickets are selling for 20% more then...
"Hey, WQ and R don't target and E is a skillshot!"
I think it's a flawless statement
Yea if people are giving away free money I'll take some
But just think about how he'd fair if he knew about those analytics!
"Cos' I know if I woke up to a stranger creeping through my house at night I'd just say, *""You're not supposed to be in here""* and give them an angry stare..."
that would just be reckless
Running out of Kanthal and using solder wire to wrap coils.
I say that all the time.
to do drugs!
I think you are forgetting that you are a woman and don't know what you want so you need a man to make the decisions for you.
HAHAHAHAHAHA MENTAL HEALTH ISSUES HAHAHAHAA SO EASY TO MOCK HAHAHAHAHA
"Wow, I bet it'll come to Verizon real soon!"
A spoilt narcissist who's so deluded he thinks he's awesome will be more successful than a guy who sees the world (and himself) as it really is - that's precisely the problem.
I looked but I didn't see any long wave radiation myself
"Because while pot is a dangerous illegal substance, steroids are just some dudes trying to get, like, super jacked brah."
Starlight road
Much like the shitty earlier versions that no one cared about
He should have shot you in the head lol
"I can't wait for this to be ""pointed out"" another twenty times."
Cause here in 'Murica we have free market.
"Ya, our best goal scorer is clearly the reason why we suffer defensively..."
Gelukkig helemaal niet subjectief.
Why am I smarter than you?
u get kills as urgot?
Yeah that outsourced Indian tech support always does wonders for me when I have issues.
Sweet recent comments...must be an awesome person to be around.
Oh you guys burned me
"worthless indeed, much like all melee carries without gap closers, like sven, lifestealer, ursa and alchemist."
no.
Well that usually applies to every player since most all of them have the same reaction
Did you kiss her though?
"medical marijuana dispensaries started opening in large numbers around 2009, starting in December 2012 it basically became legal to share your marijuana but not sell it"
"No don't you get it it's abstract, the mangled body is a representation of the human experience."
He ripped off the Judge Judy theme song!
you're ignorant.
"Yes, because all american gun owners are like that..."
That IS a fun fact
Easier I would say due to less button bloat.
You forgot the
"When she's 18 if she looks you up see where it goes, if not completely forget about it and in the mean time just live your life, normal dating and such and what not, no one is judging you."
"Lol, thx"
"In the dead of the night, you might have visitors."
I'm disappoint by the lack of NSFW u.u
But cops are bad and we have to hate everything they ever do :-(
The reason why japanese birthrates are low isn't because they are asexual.
This would be good news if only his name was just Kim Jong.
I know right?
But it's different!
"Yeah, I read somewhere that the Dutch eat a metric fuckton (*that's a European unit of measurement*) of dairy... probably more than almost anyone else on earth."
BandWithoutMasks
after robbing a store and assaulting the clerk.
I'M GONNA GET YOU KIRBY
Have you tried nuva ring?
"Yes, I'm sure finding parking reasonably close to the fest will be a breeze."
Might makes it right!
Thanks for giving me my halloween costume this year at school
I'd hang the second one.
Thanks Markiplier!
Didn't I hear about the cubs doing something like this lately?
I'm still a teenager and I've joked about how small my dick is for years.
De solder the coin cell holders and attach a AAA/AA battery holder.
You lose your money everyday due to inflation.
We're gonna need a bigger boat.
5 Days before release is not an alpha build
Why would you all agree to go to McDonald's if there is a Burger King within driving distance?
Terminated.
Don't let his outward actions distract you from his core beliefs.
"Thanks to the ACA, I am acutely aware that I don't exist."
...Or any of the former soviet republics
There will be salt.
Yes because big muscles can *never* lift heavy weights.
i love to tinker with mods
I think I failed more exams because of Twin Emps than any other reason.
"God, it's like you've never even *heard* of the Village People!"
"That might be encouraging his opinion, but it certainly doesn't mean that no single guys today are pro-marriage, or anything like."
The sweat is real
"Political will, maybe?"
So let's stick with holocaust jokes where millions of people were executed because they're unimportant Jews amirite?
"I will buy future total war games, because they are awesome, but I will wait until the game is playable."
I'd say it's more apathy than anarchy
"All the characters and objects look really detailed, probably because the levels are just simple rectangle rooms."
"I'd like to listen to The Nerdist podcast to hear the guests, but they inevitably get interrupted every few moments by Hardwick and his need to hear himself fawn over the guest."
"Yeah lets kill everyone, that'll stop crime"
RiotGames/LeagueofLegends/Logs/PatcherLogs
"Well, at least now she's a *real* woman."
"I don't know man, you guys have a real question mark at starter."
"Wow, you're such a martyr"
These losers live for this sort of stalking and gossip.
get a little of each
You forgot the
"Hey, he's read 50 Shades of Gray, he *clearly* knows what he's talking about."
Matt Ryan's smile isn't gorgeous enough
Wow another zombie movie
And your crime shall be punished with... MORE WHINING!
you dropped this:
This sounds like the best idea in the world.
"10 seconds my ass, OP you lying bastard how dare you make little Koreans suffer."
"Shut up, commie."
Every man should know this because every man is a rapist.
i only want that cinematic feel
"But they get $187 back, so doesn't that make them better?"
Fagundez too!
So just remember to pick a champion?
"Right, whoever heard of nationalism and patriotic duty clouding one's judgment here in Korea?"
"Yeah, all the European countries seem to totally bow down to their citizens."
"At the very least, a tasty snack."
Are you guys allowed to have tobacco products on campus?
"At a chilly 85F, they even brought their sweaters out!"
"Obama, the best politician money can buy"
If you look closely you can even see the FBI agent!
Dem B'deshi immigrants!
"It's a great signal for the EU that Sweden, Germany, Britain &amp; the Netherlands can reach ""consensus"" on its ""reform"" without asking us smelly wogs"
"Any Dad who doesn't want to take a 4 year old to get a ""happy"" meal is not living in reality."
Go away with your empathy!
To gain perspective in order to infiltrate of course.
I think he was
Just like Whites should have never given blacks freedom
Let's talk about the fantasy impact.
I **never** do thattttt.
People clearly missing the
Glad she is teaching you to always rely on a man
"hahaha yeah, we need more juggalos"
"The day after Sixth Sense came out, my sister calls me and says ""I didn't know that Bruce Willis was gonna play a dead guy the whole time"" Thanks sis...i believe that's what they call a plot twist!"
Ignored and reported.
"We got to experience his immaculate play too, don't worry."
I'm sold.
Is not referred to as hooliganism - they are mostly referred to as fans of Philadelphia sports teams.
Maybe I should've added
"Jalen Rose the guy who intentionally tried to injure Kobe Bryant in the NBA Finals stating that the foul wasn't hard, I'm so shocked"
"Yeah, but recruiting rankings don't matter!"
Yeah thanks for that.
Sounds like a fun &amp; magical server to be on.
Because karma is important.
Maybe she was too nervous to pee
"But they're not purple, so, fuck those guns."
"Yeah, because any other President would turn them over..."
3 Half Life games = Half Life 3 confirmed.
Dammit.
"Wait, we get free transfers?"
"Correct - direct family members, I believe."
Fucker!
"Huh, I don't remember two redditors posting about visiting Silent Hill..."
"If it's a Star Wars hotel, how easy would it be to blow up?"
lol 360 noscope 420 blaze
"YOU GOTTA DIE THE CAST FIRST GOD, LEARN HOW TO PLAY FIRST"
I'm on the side that endorses negotiating peace in good faith.
Beautiful translation!
"Yeah, she needs one of those super long ones made for sticking your whole arm into a cow's rectum."
CHECK THE PECS
I happened to have you RES-tagged with the link to your pic - probably from some thread a few months ago.
"Kardashians, definitely want that"
Well the efficiency of division of labor means that one person can't possibly do more on their own than they could do as part of a group.
I bought it for $500 so it basically didnt matter what happened to it.
Your kind isn't welcome here.
It varies from state to state but generally yes.
That's some righteous flying.
It has to be the cheapseat lap skin special ;)
Tesco and lidl have stores in the UK
fucking mobile lol.
"True, still it worked far too many times though, these same chicks will not hesitate to call some random dude who would actually try to speak to them in a regular car a creep though, which the guy in the lambo most certainly would be described."
"Around here, we call it ""knocking it loose."""
I tried one time using bitcoin to gild one other user but didn't know that it had a minimum amount.
"Ray Hudson just walked in the room....but in all seriousness I really feel for him, seeing such an instinctive and clinical striker in his time go to something like this."
"please, enlighten us."
Clearly an engineer.
You Could make them yourself or look and see where you can make it more minimal
The question is: who is to blame in this scenario?
"I see, thank you."
"I know right, FM!"
God bless lifetime
That 60 FPS TLOU multiplayer.
"Yah, cuz nobody ever discriminates against the jooz, right?"
That's great... I'm stealing that quote.
"That deck was so sweet, so much ramp"
That's stupid; everyone knows dumping ice on your head is the way to help the cause.
Thats what the god damn upvote button is for
I can't tell if your joking or telling the truth...damn Australia
Shfourteen-teen
Also lizard reptiles run my local supermarket.
"Beside the KILLING and such, this is exactly the same situation."
"%DV is based on daily 2000 caloric intake, the ""average""."
or a Bugatti
For science!
cuntbucks
That's raghead talk you socialist commie bastard.
"I mean, that's practically banging"
Those aren't extremes at all.
Jesus clearly never suffered as much as a Browns fan.
"2+3=5 ain't real because feels, it's 4 because feminism says so."
"That's because the Chiefs didn't win, the Pats lost"
What's wrong in this?
actually the climb is called horn 10a(soft)
That was creepy.
Unpopular opinion here: I hope we never change our logo.
because riot is the only one at the moment getting ddos right ?
it was a
Sudah makan malam?
oh good thing the title was also spoiler tagged
just a troll - ignore.
"He's so badass, he has stripper clips at the ready for loading his pistol's internal SKS magazine."
I'm thinking the 19 hrs part is where it went wrong.
You can also keep your mouth open if you are trying to catch flies
We won whilst I was out shopping.. Looks like I'm never watching a Bruins game again folks.. It's been fun
Happy Cake Day biatch :p
"Now just think about it, because of your gender, you can masturbate in front of a random stranger AND make money off it!"
Now the city will know who to send the clean up bill to.
le *tips* 1+ 1nt3rn3tz
TIL billion = 4
Cars should have required high visibility paint and spinning reflectors on the wheels
"Fuck you, bitch-ass punk"
I'm sure they were given a fair trial.
"Yes, because the ENTIRE e-cig industry is blu, njoy, greensmoke, etc."
Indirect arachne buff.
Because it's socialist.
"FYI, in #4 the tall tree closest to you drops ashwood sticks when chopped."
90 years without slumbering...
I'm sure many of these loopholes are unintentional
Isn't it the fact that Israel has such right-wing parties elected in the Knesset indicative of the general feelings of Israeli citizens towards Arabs and Islam?
Maybe he was as surprised as we are.
"New west msm headlines, ""Russia also invades Belarus!!!!"""
Kurt's Spaceship
Maybe one day we'll get one of those sciency folks to say something... Here's hoping.
So?
"You might want to see a therapist about that, man."
Bet all the Xbox One owners are going to go grab a PS4 do they can play the exclusive missions.
"Nope, it makes you ""fickle"" for basing it off of one performance."
And shockingly men don't mind watching it!
omg everyone should have called 911 and surrounded the person in a bubble of concern and empathy!
"Im just playing around :) although he is one of my favorite members, its sad he wasnt in that video either.."
"I pick a state park and find no roads, leaving the total road length in the US to 0 km."
"The trifecta of Starbucks, Cafe Breton and Cafe Havana in Greenbelt 3 hahahahahahahahahahaa"
"That's a definite possibility, but I really hope not."
"Wow, you described what the survey was about SO well.."
I hope Erika Eleniak shows up again.
What girl doesn't want to be told that her profile picture really highlights her biological prowess
I think I suffer from PTSD
... well we can't expect nuns to wear the habit these days anyway...
"As someone who had his first kidney stone a couple weeks ago, I would have mixed feelings."
Must be the pain meds.
I *totally* want to hear them.
What a great way to start a conversation.
Were they your neighbors?
"Thats a pretty fun game, we will definitely try it !"
"Yeah, giving business a payment term for inventory generally is bad for the economy as a whole."
Clearly big pharma controls who writes the history books just to sound more legitimate and scare us with history.
Because that'll be attacking job creators and making peoples lives harder because they gotta pay more for gas so they can sit idling downtown
What elaboration are you looking for chief...
"yeah, FUCK AIRBAGS!"
"Do not impede official police business, dog!"
This is why Tesla can't prevail in their attempts to murder dealerships.
"Good, I don't really like buying things from that overpriced asshole anyways lol."
Well we will always have that one microwave trick that Apple hates.
Appealing to the American fans I see
Checkmate.
The annual Chelsea collapse
"Yep, that's what Jesus would do."
Damn good until some fucker tried freeing them to create an uprising among those states trying to protect their rights
"no no comrade, clearly bias."
"No they're black, so they obviously have criminal intent."
Ya fuck that way of expressing plots!
"No, stopping distances are shorter and visibility is better in 4WD."
"Yeah, because the idiots we elect do such a brilliant job!"
Shit she a crush or the person you stalk?
Losing to the #1 team in the nation by more than 7 points obviously means you should quit at life.
it is our great leader Kim Jong Il guiding us to fight America
The human eye can't tell the difference between 30fps and 60fps.
I'd like a source on your statement please.
"This isn't funny, but I'll upvote you because i like boobs."
lol no
I imagine this is how Ellie would be if not for the world going to shit before her birth.
"You didn't, RamJam did."
I'm more disgusted by the food dish literally six inches away from the litterbox than I am by the state of the litterbox.
"Welcome to fucking reality, ya stupid mofo... ;)"
Kind of like the T-cell Virus was kept in Racoon city?
pally heals and soul priest is very fun.
Did not expect 'no message recieved' at all.
"Honestly, I'd rather have sex with Neil Patrick Harris."
We probably will have to apply all of them.
"It's a really, really hot pepper."
look up
Bitch please your mom in law invented political vindictiveness and you have used it well against some people for the last decade.
Im saying the entire premise of her post and then his response to it is a great example of how and then why some women feel uncomfortable kicking back and receiving pleasure.
"Damn you Phil Hartman's wife, damn you to hell."
"This could be an attempt to scam, either the price is to high or to low and one trade is there to fool people into thinking it's worth selling for / buying for x price"
They just need to make vertical monitors.
Imagine seeing this picture like 4 years ago
"disagree, the purge of religiosity will come."
Wish people would ask themselves if Israel feels the same way back.
Librul media.
He comes from a different culture and his view is just as valid as anybody's from the west.
"Yeah, I go to those renaissance bar that require you to leave your phone at home, so they have to pull their pants down to show me their dick."
Big 10 West is best Big 10.
"At the time the law was passed (during WWI), women's ability to serve in the military at all was pretty limited."
Sure is a good thing we don't have an income tax.
I could be wrong but I'm pretty sure it's 26 for europe
Nice ;)
Worse than Scott Layden?
"Not for me, I'm on firefox btw."
Thank God my kids are in a private school.
clear evidence that there needs to be gun laws to protect us from these unpredictable guns.
Game of Porns?
"No, it would probably try to kiss back."
"I'd say it amounts to a mildly-worded letter, sent to the wrong address."
"In addition, the question might be asked, how was it that the US intelligence branches did not identify the operational weakness of the Iraqi military in those regions where they would not be able to hold on to either territory or their own arms ?"
It will be tethered however.
Because Geiger has never made a bad call
Thanks!
"Oh yeah, sorry nobody got film of the rockets coming in at night."
But she's so plain!
You are a squinty hero.
"4 out of the last 7 governors go to prison and we're ""famous"" for ""corrupt politicians."""
"I have to admit, he's spot on with this."
"You're right, the FBI must be in on the gaming media conspiracy."
"Hey everyone, ignore this, I forgot I was using my alt account."
Anything up Highway 178 along the Kern River canyon past Kernville is nice.
1 wheel still on track!
The Eden Project is easily the most underrated artist on the scene.
"Yes, because it's totally the job of the childless person to lie in order to make the other person feel more comfortable"
"Oh yeah, because what the US says, goes."
"Well, Cena has more albums under his belt (no pun intended) than Jay Electronica so you can count on him to deliver."
Because it's a fun and catchy song?
"It should be ""fair"" for everyone."
"Idk man, adding Collison to our squad could help us win the championship."
"Very convincing picture, pal."
Get on a plane and fly to another city in a couple weeks... Seems like that's what you're supposed to do...
"Yeah, because not merging until the very last minute so you can get 1 or 2 more cars ahead isn't a dick move.."
[The one with a clean face because he sees the other guy and thinks his face is dirty too?]
"He's not hiding, just taking a time out so he has enough energy for walking on your face all night long, while you desperately try to sleep."
"Disqualified from the cutest puppy competition, obvi."
You like Bacon right?
NO DUDE MLK WAS PEACEFUL AND THIS IS SUPER VIOLENT TOWARDS THE POOR IPAD JUST LOOK AT THE CORD WHERE IT PLUGS IN IT'S BREAKING INTO TWO PIECES.
Omg so op nerf pl0x.
I wonder how many Republican heads are exploding.
ITT: hundreds of virgins making fun of a slightly overweight little girl.
Duck Dynasty is in West Monroe... Because crossing the river makes a huge difference
"I know, you'd think a fight in a hale bay ring inside a grotty old pub surrounded by an audience with maybe a 1 whole set of decent teeth between them all would have a bit more class"
Sure
Arnold 1980
"With stuff like this, you really have to wonder why."
It's called mana management.
"A matte white, blended out."
MRAs are such a hate group and feminists are all lovely people.
"Companies = Evil Taking away their ability to be People = Taking away their power Therefore this is great, without even knowing what the amendment stands for, because the other two suppositions are obviously true."
"ITT no one has any faith in the italian justice system because they heard but couldn't bother to read on a story of 9 scientists... Its ok guys, hope you have some faith left in the american one."
"Well if he gathers ALL the evidence before anyone else can, then he's in the clear"
But why didn't they just tear gas them in the leg
because they always seem to malfunction whenever someone is resisting causing the footage to be lost.
"I got an idea, lets push for stronger gun control/bans/confiscation to ensure they have all the firepower too"
Dickrutt
IT'S A MISPRINT!
So edgy.
"But my run of the mill color scheme that fits conventional color theory, that took $$$ to get right, anyone can apply a pattern nicely to an article of clothing, making the minamalstic simple pattern in Photoshop was the real work, not the actual practical application of it"
Thanks for providing that stellar source of yours!
Because cannibalism is so hot.
Cuz NBA players would never sink that low
"Yeah, even though when I do a side by side comparison, and it sounds different to me and people who don't know I have a sound card, it's a placebo."
"Sure, Theon is much more deserving of compassion than Robin."
Because it's in a book.
I came here to make The obligatory Fifth Element comment and stayed for the people who beat me to it.
Asshole 10/10
I'm a pokeydeerkin so check your privilege cis scumbag.
Is tumblr a source?
I'd read that story... while taking a shit.
doesn't it just sound sanitary?
GTX 780
Because I can hear your tone as well as I can see your face over the internet.
"har har har, The 'murican business community has opted out with their money, all stashed off shore and tax free."
of course
He dropped this:
Because quantum theory
You forgot: Comes with a DNA sequencer so you can comply with AML laws.
If you vomit you'll have room for that candy.
"Yeah; sharing the fun things you and your friends do is definitely not something to be done, I totally agree."
Because all of those celebrities were born into celebrity and none of them earned it.
But were you subhuman scum at the time?
I _love_ how the show at a 16+ theater is 18+ :) Thanks!
"Although it is a common misconception that abc caused the xyz affair, it was actually the meddling French."
Go back to Tumblr where you belong.
"A little advice, dont eat mandrakes.. theres like, 5 per world and there extremely valuable"
I'd also tell her about a lot of the things that science doesn't know and how God could be the explanation for all of those things.
"TPB, how I love you both..."
I think that's just Austin Powers
"Thank god for that, no idea how you coped with those physicals before."
Thanks :)
Roly poly fish heads probably
"Nope, I didn't even know about the whole Twitter thing, but the reason he got fired is who used a Wii in some sort of car tire commercial, and Sony wasn't very happy about that."
You don't have to have an ID to buy a gun or to express your opinion.
"Cayman, Boxter or Cayenne: Laugh 911, Panamera or Carrera GT: Cringe"
Oh god I am saving this comment for a told you so because they won't.
Google it.
It's useless unless you print it out.
fagg0t
"I've almost kinda stopped wearing makeup when I go over my boyfriend's, because (TMI time here) even waterproof mascara won't last through a blowjob."
It's already the most popular sport in the world - not sure it needs to grow necessarily.
"Or, it could be that ""slaying in the spirit"" is nonsense."
They're smoking the edibles dude.
"Or just a weapon that has ""this does not sheath"""
Hopefully one day in our lives we'll get to enjoy el TRI lifting the trophy :/
*Cringe*
I meant in lieu of the current LRT lines being built.
no i didn't tell me moar
"What a joke, my preorder is canceled."
"No sidebar spoilers, don't worry."
Sad that people don't understand something that simple.
Sort by... Viewers.
I think you forgot your
Plot twist: We start running our drugs into Mexico.
"Good, I have always said that the public has no business knowing what's going on in public buildings."
I assumed those nazis were in the genocide category
He probably went to Thailand.
"If OP doesn't take you up on his offer, I guess I will.."
I'm always disappointed we can't zoom in on these pictures.
Doesn't change the fact it will be their 4th.
*The Man in a thick irish accent*
I think you forgot this-
and cammy wake....and dion jordan could still be great.... THAT'S IT
Motorised toothbrush or a normal one?
Bro if you don't leave you will be just as crazy as her.
I approve!
You mean foreigners don't also base their knowledge of Scotland on the far more historically accurate Rob Roy?
"Yeah, I mean look at Canada it's a despotic wasteland of hellfire and death, guess that's what you get for having one of the most multicultural countries on earth."
Aren't you glad we passed the bill before we know what was in it
These are also the three P's of pregnancy!
I wonder who this new melee mage is?
Entropy is a sacrifice we must learn to bear.
"Oh yeah definitely, mostly the same post happening every 5 minutes about what to buy."
does mega give a shit about DMCA requests?
"What gun shop can I buy a ""Boulder"" from and how many girl scouts to the clip does it get?"
That's a very positive way to view the situation.
Fire Goodell
Fucking cisgenders all misogynistic and fascists ugh
"If you've got nothing to hide, then why don't you want a cavity search?"
# Blame User
[](/celbanned) inb4
It's the new nexus 5 !
Fucking power-crazed mods...
The beach.
"Yeah, *he* is the moron."
Yeah you should give them up for adoption because you can't take care of them.
"Right, because my issue with food stamps was that people were faking eligibility."
"Bethesda is doing nothing more than requiring you to pay a monthly subscription for their service, same as Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, etc..Microsoft is the one saying in order to access those services that you're already paying for mind you, through your Xbox you have to have Xbox Live.. it's a dick move and one thankfully Sony is not mimicking..and I don't know if the numbers have increased with the Xbox One (likely so, i'm guessing) but the last time I looked up 360 users with Xbox Live it was only around half."
"Well I simply can't up vote a spelling error... It goes against what Reddit stands for, no matter how relevant or hilarious the content."
But as long as they understand the consequences of it it's ok right?
"And I was being sarcastic, sorry I forgot my"
"Against CW, that must of taken alot of work"
Everyone drowned.
"The Nazi'd have clearly become the Nazis, amirite?"
"A 6 thousand dollar plan on 30 grand should qualify you for subsides, though."
"I feel like once you got past the NES ones, the grind slowed down significantly, and once you hit FFVII it's gone."
"What he did, is more than what he thinks, because he has touched **the center of our belief, the center of our worship** Yikes."
"They could have 12 and 20 sided dice in addition to the normal 6 sided kind, so you could roll play nerds that survived the zombie Apocalypse and are playing roll playing games while waiting for rescue."
well i mean high does rhyme with pie
It's because ATI is the masterrace
Can't let the press have first-hand experience on the thing they're their to report on.
That brother is doing a great job representing us
Retire in a new debtors' prison.
"They didn't downvote me because they disagreed, they downvoted because my comment wasn't relevant to the discussion."
YAY!
Falador Massacre 6/6/06 never forget
"Yeah, preorders are a terrific idea!"
Mensrights
The most convincing comments in this thread are just a name with 0 explanation.
What a gentleman.
"Ouch, really got him there."
I'm honestly in awe of you OP
If they really cared they would lobby our government to give tax dollars to this organization.
"Sweet, thanks :)"
Yeah he is a god at dodging those spears.
Finally evidence that proves ALL cops are EVIL.
Yeah they're definitely being ignored.
you forgot the
Wow this really fits with eve online.
But Brian Windhorst told me Kyrie hated being in Cleveland!
it's not like poland is OP or anything
"Yes, all targets are equal in threat posed to the shooter"
The hexacopter pilot has been earning his qualifications for octacopters
"Yeah, if only Apple could somehow cobble together a superior product,..."
Andddd we didn't see this coming
Stupid entitled millennials
Are you implying asexual people can't get married?
"That would actually hurt the lower class, because if you give everyone $1 more, that dollar is devalued, and the poor get hurt the most."
Up your water intake bro
"Well, honesty IS the best policy."
"Yeah but would you have clicked on the link if the title was, ""Nancy Grace is politely asked not to continue discussing an irrelevant topic."""
oooooh
They may as well make me a mod already
"Yup, that'll totally make me feel less nauseous."
i was born in 2006 and i can confirm that my childhood was exactly the same as le 90s
But people say these things never happen so they must not happen!
When this happens my ears bleed and I fall to the ground begging my sister to turn the radio off.
Yeah let's use capital punishment because we don't have replication technology or digital copies in our universe
"And while we're at it, penalties where the taker fakes to shoot in one side and shoots in the other shouldn't count because it puts the GK off."
"To bad Crosby got snubbed for team USA, I didn't see him erring announced today."
Yeah you seem to be be critical of Israel.
Do cold temperatures unleash your thirst for oil?
They're always russian!
But I thought Coulson was the Vision?
Glad to see the lesser Ennis getting some recognition
That's just what the government wants you to think.
"I think it means they're switching over from Imperial, finally."
Oh look another well fact checked unbiased objective analysis of the Liberal Government by The Australian Independent Media Network.
i've never seen this before ay
"Stop rationalizing it, they obviously are working with the NSA to spy on us."
He forgot
"Dana didn't create that weight class because he didn't want cyborg in the ufc, he's just trying to keep her down."
It's not like personal finance should be rsomething your parents teach you.
It's Not the bike it's the rider.
Looks like it needs to be hit with a DA polisher and some M105...
many a story that have been true have not seen the light of day with mainstream sources.
Yes i want AAP
Tapdancing cowboy legs
Link?
Earthlings: You will not get your damage deposit back.
They look like balloons about to pop.
FIFA said Boston is on the shortlist to replace Qatar and to get ready
"It's not necessarily wrong, it's just misleading since it's not that simple."
yea that's her mainly weakness imo
I couldn't believe no one else had said the same thing before I did.
"No, just the bald ones."
"Prohibition is an affront to individual liberty, a cornerstone of a functioning democracy."
High tech hacker skillz allowed me to unblur the image.
Georgia Southern Eagles
"yeah, remember back when people weren't reposting faggots?"
Now sit on it
The IRS where your privacy is respected.
eyy bb u wan sum fuk?
Illuminati dun goofed!
Same Old Thing
Modern art is bad because it makes me have to consider subtle themes about myself and society instead of being a pretty picture.
"Yeah, try steel wool."
Adding an injured center and a cheeseburger munching fatty does not make you a contender.
Wouldn't Hitler himself consider Indians inferior?
"Along with the ""slut"" factor and social stigma or whathaveyou."
You equate taxation with totalitarianism?
looks legit
Climate change is more due to cow farts
"Good in theory, but at my college they specifically require .docx."
Ask again in 2020 please.
Bacon Bird sent!
CLOUD 9 WILL GO 4-0 THIS WEEK YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST
Is the ALG Combat worth it?
Brings a new meaning to DVDA
It all depends on where you live and who you know.
"Chop down christmas tree with melee for sweet, sweet certs."
"Maybe they should have paid for the ""fast lane."""
Just take a look at all the blood in Colorado
Klug.
"Oh no, there goes all the credibility and dignity of the USAF because one dude forgot his fucking US pins..."
There's only one way to enjoy a brace of coneys...
Lel.
You and who else?
Your generalizations are totally accurate!
All black rappers are lil wayne or kanye anyway
Yeah supporting your allies IS money well spent.
Ooooo-laaaaaa!
They were rescued by an army of twitter hash tag.
Are we going to have a 1000 trooper manhunt for them too?
"So accepting for a moment your (clearly ridiculous) premise that no one is killed, what you're suggesting is that the Middle East needs 9million new refugees?"
"What, you don't like 4 cents for a 6 month old game?"
"Did they send me Taillows, when I need Ho-ohs This is really awesome, but I think the cat is from Yu-gi-oh."
"You're wrong because many companies have a 'harassment policy' that this violates, likely including your own."
"It's pronounced ""thirty-nineth"""
"And yet, here we see the sock puppetry in action."
"Probably not, Kirin can't clear many dungeons"
"I know, how can you be alone in a relationship?"
"Because anal sex, duh"
Defensive perk is OP
Wow gee isn't this the funniest fucking thing?
I agree with them FPS are saturated like COD clones.
Clearly my daughter needed saving from the evil boob.
YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHHH
"Yeah I called up my friends at the NSA and they hacked your PC and fixed it for me, BTW you have some fucking weird shit in your history."
Good riddance.
Not Letterman?
"Yes because simplifying it as ""armor"" means theres only one set to choose from, just like void"
Nah bruh its bc there sick and they depress and drugs=medicine but da government hates us so they make drugs ilegal man
Brb in a fetal position in the corner of the room crying.
Raiden from Mortal Kombat would be amazing
Because restaurants are such great moneymakers?
"It's almost like allowing human adults to make their own choices is a good idea, or something!"
"If you know what you're doing, you're not going to a place without fucking squat racks."
So you lost 2/3 games?
"Yeah, let's make brash judgments about people without knowing anything about them!"
But abstinence only education has worked so well in America...
Yay!
"Wait, so Britain has actually been a Communist state since the 1950's then, well I rather like communism in that case"
"Silly, that implies there were other bad things to the Holocaust."
How about next year you let her pick the custom instead of parading her.
"yes this bug happens sometimes where the dropped weapon's picture doesn't show up, it's pretty common"
She obviously just wants to get into your pants.
^ ^ ^ Found the racist !
Maybe we'll luck out and that will get delayed for a few years.
Sadly that thread is gone... Many tears were shed.
The title only says bucket.
All those kids must have been sociopaths.
"Lol dyslexia isn't real, you're just too dumb to read"
Kanye's going to be pissed when he learns that Shakespeare has used more words than him.
Real men use V8s... as fuel pumps!
everybody knows that anything that is black is at least 10X more deadly
I'll take men seriously when they stop acting like their stereotypes.
probably just mad a spur didn't win
Wasn't there also 2 Robert Griffins at the 2012 draft?
Well obviously you're not sending him nudes that's what's wrong with you
Totally.
naw her ass hits the floor.
Any similarity to any story I've ever heard of is automatically bad
"Psh, no it doesn't that's just the patriarchy backfiring."
"*Micro$oft*, amirite guyz?"
But breaking the law and ruining a kid's life is worth it to get those society-destroying psychedelics off the streets!
oh boy!
"Yeah, OP, way to take that hint and ruin it by putting a bunch of thought into and and trying to deliver exactly what she wanted but even better."
"Yep, drunk driving is hilarious."
2015 is our year don't worry.
not sure if
A man with class.
Just what we needed.
Somebody needs to get laid... [me too]
Only people with tiny boats say that though
Fuck you for thanking someone on reddit!
don't be silly only middle east countries are Muslim.
"hey she's not replying, she must be a creeper!!!"
Fuckin' choker.
"Of course, he's a Republican!"
"What, not that single episode of Angel?"
"Don't you mean ""clip"""
They will probably never get a replacement unit.
Plot twist... It wasn't the same guy
"yeah, totally surprising damage, exactly the same situation as Mathil"
Ya DC wins all the events.
I've had bosses drop those consumables that you use for 10 minutes bonus glimmer for killing their race
I like your drone folders
What makes you assume that he's on the same tier or that there isn't another reason matter manipulation would work on Beerus?
"Anything listed by Atlus, Capcom, Level-5, Shin'en Multimedia, or Nicalis are worth a look."
So jealous
"Yeah, I'm planning on running a free float rail."
No super tanks is a rule for reason as there is a whole lot more than just this thing out there
I'd download a car
there is also a setting in windows which is different
Time will tell and I hope my perceptions are wrong but your reply does not invalidate my real world experience or that of those I know so far in regards to the implementation of the ACA.
But why would you use a decentralized app; centralized systems are more efficient?
Because there's some news that might possibly be potentially negative and as a gamer it's our sacred duty to be cynical bastards and always assume the worst.
"I've been debating getting a wrist workout tracker thingy, but then I got the iPhone 5s which does basically the same thing, so the only reason I would want one is because of the sleep tracking features, but they are so damn expensive I can't justify it."
"Google fiber allow private services, not commercial, on the regular contract."
PoK?
"It is High school there hawk chop, not Sober school."
Ya Graves is bordering OP as is
"I swear, if they remake Python and bring it back next season...."
"No, it's defending a civilian in their home from an intruder"
The edit is the best part though hahaha
We all know he lying because Koreans give up at the slightest gold deficit
That's racist!
"Actually, seppuku is when you take a swo- oh, I see what you did there!"
they bang each other
"If only the liberals hadn't politicized the gay marriage issue, it would have happened naturally given a little time."
Of grad schools; undergrad isn't *that* big.
"The word ""troll"" really lost it's meaning..."
You mean they don't have FBI and CSI agents on every car breaking dusting for fingerprints and matching them to every database in the nation?
"Yea, the ""Coming Soon"" spots on the dark barrracks were just a big sham and they were definitely not going to add any more dark troops."
Not when you use it as a Nordic battle cry.
lol
"More like ""entering"", if the doors are all unlocked"
"Except for having a baby, because OBVIOUSLY that's a gift from God and never a conscious decision."
Death grips?
"Kyrie was only chosen because he ""played"" at Duke under Coach K"
It was printed on a my schools machine.
its not collusion if it goes through a waiver system... perhaps her husband will think shes unfaithful if another player picks him up first?
Yeah and you should never go to a doctor because they will just make you sick to get more money.
"Yeah, that totally read like a real conversation, and not just something concocted to make karma."
You're so gonna get laid bro
Why not save even more and get Taurus SHO?
"Ah, the magical ""it was just a joke"" which has the ability to instantly erase any offensiveness and turn it back around on anyone who still remembers it being rude!"
Masky
"Holy shit, candid photos of her look better than women in my dreams."
A streak of good RAWs
I remember where I was for this goal.
Interchangeable.
"Please, try not to be too hypocritical."
"Marksmanship applies to mele and ranged, and agility bonus from ult doesn't go away when enemies are close."
what ep is that?
And boy were you a big help...
With extra mystery meat.
I wish there was a place in Houston
So SoloQ?
"Sports champions 2 on PS3 is probably the best tennis, it's 1:1 with move controllers and holding the move in your hand feels really natural as a racket analogue -- it wouldnt feel right empty handed."
"if calling her a cunt isn't sexist, assuming she wanted attention to get dick definitely is sexist."
"DMG here and from experience matchups with silvers are just bad, silver player might get 2-3 kills and higher rank player might still lose with 35+ kills... I created an alt to play with lower ranked friends (I just use p250), but also that got to mg2 rank already... Time for another alt that only knifes"
I'm happy so many people do =D
And free to play.
We're all clearly hiding illegal activities.
"The obese are a species unto their own, I tell ya."
Like a swiss army knife or the F-35!
One you don't install a ton of other crap on.
Where does that stand in relation to your mom?
LeBron James
this explains why the USPS put fedex and UPS out of business.
i thorut u cantt s33 0vr3 30 fps lel mnt dew.
"I am an Iranian born in Norway, and I can confirm that I am a murderer, and I also eat norwegian babies and burn Churches."
No pie baking video?
you forgot
"It's ALL isolated incidents, there's nothing to see here citizen!"
"oh i am sorry that i writte something wrong in my second language, i am truly sorry for that"
Because that doesn't happen in real life
"Surely the high premiums and cost of business is worth all the ""cultural enrichment"" your business would get from operating in a neighborhood like that!"
Oh boy I can't wait to re-live those 10 archers per side games.
"Man, the NSA is really relaxing their qualifications for employment lately."
I'm sure these guys bullied you...
...isn't that what Russia is currently trying?
It's not like there has ever been a trans*serial killer.
"Yeah man,in my opinion they should ban all the Islam apologists, commies, congress and AAP supporters and pseudo-secularists."
Thanks?
The dedication of a mother to her children too.
Yeah that worked out real well in Gaza
Maybe they can just insert Trigger Warnings instead
"Check your privelige, shitlord... bye."
Because no one runs those cards right now.
I bet there wouldn't be as much hulabaloo if they were cutting the foreskin off infant *female* penises...penii... penisses... whatever.
How far was your campsite away from the next?
Yea because if your not at the top than no one cares about what you have to say.
Yeah~Finally got the brighter Dota2 look.
show me an original video you made
"It's super secret, you need to sign an NDA to find out what he does."
Appropriating our Northwest culture
my exact reaction
"Yeah, that carbon dioxide stuff is super hazardous and flammable."
"Yeah, he definitely should have just let the situation continue."
"For real doe, I can't see whether or not he went over a bump or his wheels caught and the car jumped up a bit..."
cause its been proved that if you hire ppl from a particular cast you get better profits
Negging done right
You can tell he's sincere by the way he shirtlessly stares into the distance.
No because then you're infringing their Religious liberties.
Well how dare she not pamper her ego and drool over the baybee!
There's always Vick...
"Oh man, this guy took a class on Hitler, he's totally biased now."
Anyway he can claim US citizenship in a day and join the US team?
"Damn those mexicans, all they do is not work and take all our jobs!"
"Just like how religious extremists have made me despise Muslims and gangbangers have made me despise blacks and Latinos... Yeah, that'll show them!"
"Not true, according my extensive experience in one semester of Marketing"
Well your local aces were probably tired of all the visibility and supportive attitudes anyway
No it's not.
Nah lets cut funding for these nerds and build more bombs.
and we see how well they handled that relationship.... no trauma at all
If you want the trade you shouls probably at least use pm dude... this isnt r/trees
"Not too long ago, a kid died because of this."
"I am 5'11"" and 224lbs, Am I an average redditor?"
My bet is on Seattle taking him
Unless you think the behind-the-scenes guys are smart enough to know that fielding lunatic fringe candidates means that everyone compromises by moving further to the right.
Some Neocons just never learn.
"I think that when you're so far to the right that Thatcher and Reagan seem like hippies, you see this list of environmental vandalism as a *good* thing."
I think Brooklyn nine nine could have been something like that
"If you aren't enjoying yourself, I probably am!"
Only because that other guy is facing the *wrong direction*.
"so basically instead of ""no"" you meant to write ""yes""."
This is awesome.
They're a bunch of buttheads.
It was necessary on a man who offered no aggressive resistance?
"The correct word would be ""solution"""
what makes you think that?
"90% is diverted from landfill, using this biogasification in combination with all the other recycling facilities."
That's because you're an over-zealous soccer mom!
"But guyz its not Randy's fault, he's won a Cup he cant possibly be a bad coach."
"I have noticed that if I am making two bags of popcorn, the second one always turns out better."
"I mean it's not like he would have stayed with the Heat had they won last year, right?"
Fuck yeah that crying little girl towards the end because her eyes were on fire was hilarious.
Ha go choke on that battleship
just a 'bit'
It's very good and recognizable!
"so if i lose my job, and start to spend my savings, i pay a higher tax?"
if someone could get an HD pic of that for a back round that would be great
You are splitting hairs and such split hairs hardly seem relevant to the point.
It's England
Because God is merciful
"you are assuming way too much there is no liability on the potential investor's part, except possibly the value of their cash, so unless you have something to say that isn't anecdotal, then you don't really have to worry about it"
Blackmon isn't even close to Aldon..... uneven trade.
Yeah... I'd much rather have Ed Milliband in power.
There was the former UK ambassador to NATO coming out for Yes recently but that's been about it.
Me: * not having depression in April/May
"Well then you folks need to invest in robots that can be remotely controller over the internet so that people don't have to physcially go to the library, they can just log in to a robot that is already physically there and do everything they'd normally be able to do."
wake up sheeple!
"Until his role in the offense becomes clear, I won't take him."
I would have thought he'd like the fishy smell.
I'm surprised I haven't seen a mod of Lee and Clem in left 4 dead.
How can they be Christian if they did not grow up listening to Jimmy Swaggert?
Sheeple-vision!
There's always
I'd buy a subscription... to porn.
Okay.
should have come to my country ;)
"Don't worry, it's not like he's not known for absurd power trips, or anything."
LETS OBJECTIFY ALL THE WOMEN
A Jew.
Neither can I. Just relaying beliefs I know many Christians (and churches) hold.
"because anytime a woman posts a story about anything, they're obviously lying about something"
doesnt matter we have gta5 so suck it pc losers
Do I really need to add the
Once you go black?
That would certainly account for the shade.
Jesus tap dancing christ
"ive just finished it for the first time the other day.... and i wish i could experience it all over again, im still experiencing a batch of mixed emotions and shock."
Cmon OP its just like a bikini!
"No, see, because you're all backwards, illiterate idiots, superior western technology means ""we"" win..."
"Adam Shefter reporting they're looking to *""give him the ball till he pukes""*"
good thing we used Puig to pinch run though
I trust Henrik vs Chicago's forwards more than our forwards vs Quick
The underachiever
Todd Haley
It's because there were only 8 people that queued at that time on that server.
Lil' Smith probably thought it was serious when he posted it.
"Helicopter dick always worked for me, that penis propeller let them know nothing serious was happening."
Yes criticism of Israel is automatically due to antisemitism.
I never said it was on accident.
It's legit and brand new just got mine
"Actually it says it multiplies into 7, which is technically different from two unique Binacles merging."
"I'd have gone with ""Watermelatonin"" myself."
Aaaand deleted cause that wasn't embarrassing at all..
ESO LES PASA POR ANDAR DE JARIOSAS CON PENA NIETO E IDIOTIZANDOSE CON TELERISA EN VEZ DE CULTIVARSE.
"What then, if 3D printers become self aware?"
"And MSAA is just multisampling, so relatively less information gets lost because there was 4x as much screen data in the other AA modes."
"Yeah, at y=12 no where near a village they would totally assume it was a villager"
"oh, well everyone's buying them, i'll take a dozen."
"Sue the Americans, they're they ones that saved him from his wounds."
Glad I'm not the only one who remembers that...
Woaw sounds like you picked a real winner
TIL I am a redneck.
In this video Jack really sounds like Ryan
"Yeah, why don't we trade him for a bag of beans that Houston or Sacramento has to offer?"
"but... eric foreman as venom, he was so good."
I am sure that Limbaugh listeners come out pretty high as well
It's only hoarding if the rich people do it
You're more than welcome!
Jake Busey?
Yea I remember when the Federal Government passed that law saying it was illegal to be overweight.
"Why don't you want to write your apps in a fast language, and then compile them to a slow one?"
How inappropriate!
So know I have a legit excuse for not getting a career?
Wait... but HOW would people would be rewarded for their hard work if everyone is just a simple worker?
Incredibly intelligent and thoughtful argument.
Idk this guy seems like he has reliable sources.
"For everything, mannnnnnnn"
"It's cool bro, it stops my shaking hands"
"Because being poor is worse than never having existed... Yup, this checks out as making sense."
"To be fair, they might actually be the only people who actually have bootstraps to pull on!"
"Eh, I don't think she can pull it off."
"You're right, good people who see evil in action should do nothing."
"nothing sounds better than hearing ""turn down for what"" out of some earbuds"
"reddit, looking at this and thinking ""Repost."""
As a CB
Nah ride through that canvas and it is rubber on the inside.
No..don't..don't pop pills..please
"Thanks, you racist F*ck."
"Wow, that must feel shitty to know that you weren't the family he chose to be around for Christmas..."
At least you know he's straight
What could possibly go wrong?
No True Christian would solicit a minor.
"*grow your penis 9 inches in 9 days* aka gimme your credit card info and I will give you the secret ""tip"""
Thankfully you're using it correctly
FTFY:
Now why would they do such a thing?
Biebs
Hey well you know he is the number one objective player in the world.
"Yeah but that was ages ago, it doesn't count any more!"
"As long as it's a joke, nothing one says can be offensive!"
"You're 16, why aren't you in programming subs and CSGO sub?"
"yeah, forcing women to initiate, that always works out so well."
"Yes, proving that so-called 'pro-Palestinian activists' actually have ulterior motives and simply use the Palestinians as a means to demonize the Jews - sure is weird!"
surely OP will return to converse and argue their point....
"....fuck...fuck this guy, right here."
"I'm sure he's listening, but clearly Vince knows better than everyone else."
obviously the big bang will revert to the big crunch so I guess you are right
Lightning never strikes the same spot twice!
Thanks for not downvoting and answering my question honestly.
I was thinking more along the lines of a romcom.
no you just steal the whole home and the land it was sitting on....
"No, but he stayed at a Holiday Inn!"
"Well to be fair, he saw your mom last night."
"Someone suggested that this was actually a sign of character growth for Inaho; he wants to protect the princess, who may not be dead, and instead of thinking like the logicball he is, his feelings for the princess go through and he does something illogical; pulling a gun on Slaine."
"I dunno, remember Diablo III on PC?"
"According to people who have followed him all the way back to high school, he's always been an asshole."
"Season 6: ""Fuck it, we'll do it live!"""
Where could I listen to this podcast?
"The ""urban fiction"" section again?"
fry-chos!
People are pissed because you cropped out the medal description
20 years ago would have been Pre-Manning.
"Oslo, Norway and it's about as cheap as you can get in this city (and you expect to live alone that is)."
"They fucked that one up too, remember?"
What is gfm?
"IIIIII-UH STAND ALONE-UH INSIDE-UH Speaking of embarrassing teenaged nu-metal fads, I was *so* into Disturbed for their first album at least."
My money is that it is someone from Kenya.
Waiting for someone from Bakhtiyar Khilji's family line to make a grand presence.
"One tweet doesn't define the Dolphins, but one tweet like that, regarding the first openly gay NFL player, on the day of the draft, after everything that happened this year, doesn't speak to an organization that has gotten control of its personnel yet."
I added you on FB dood
Fun fact: Not everyone has the same sense of humor as you.
Shut up Meg
There's a C++ book right there in the 2nd pic.
"To be honest, if you were more kind in your discussion I might have given you fuller answers."
NEVERRRRRRRRRRRRR
"Night time worker here to jumble shit up: Get ready for work: Eat dinner Maybe nap Sit around and complain to partner about having to go to work Drink coffee Shower Sit around some more, watching netflix in towel Blowdry hair Get dressed Do makeup Sit around more if possible Go to work Unwind: Get in bed Drink wine if available Reddit/Netflix Sleep"
But why male models?
"I'm pretty sure, everyone got the same codes."
Damn it!Maybe SSB5?
that's on top of the $100 you need to pay to just get in the con.
"Cells break open, spilling tyrosinase, which reacts with phenol and oxygen to produce the brown spot."
What do you mean?
"That fitting song too ""Lil hommies""."
how dare you say anything bad about Community commence the downvote brigade
Except for the government telling the doctor how much he can charge or telling the patient how much he has to save.
"Oh yeah, this little QoL change would certanly tip Shen over the edge into Pick/Ban territory."
Or you could roll two shotguns.
"No, it's not safe, I've never done it before."
"I think most conspiracy theories are ridiculous to say the least ,but for someone to dismiss the idea of the government doing something nefarious is equally ridiculous to me."
"I even heard that in his voice, damn you."
It's not like it's on a ton of road signs or anything!
I'm still not entirely convinced this is not a documentary.
"Yeah, and that's why California has cut its unemployment rate and uninsured rate for health insurance in half in just 4 years, while also paying down our wall of debt...because the Dems running this state are ineffective!"
"To be fair, you only gotta be right once."
But you can watch Netflix on your big screen TV that is hooked up to your gaming rig
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
But that would be social/communism and thats BAD!
Be unique... Like everyone else.
Handlock player spotted
Proof of Alonso sabbatical for 2015!
Wow they came down really hard on them
Snoop Dogg confirmed as Jedi in Episode 7.
Leave it sealed and get it from the eShop.
"Whether you hate them Orlov them, there's no denying that visors are definitely an important piece of safety equipment"
yeah the impact it would have on the original would be irreversible.
DAE MUSTARD RACE?
Forgot the
Racism is okay as long as it is directed towards asians.
No the other black lady in this show is the one with a penis
Also changes name of Canada to Freedom North.
Because Israelis are more important.
You must be like an outlier... maybe even eunuch?
"Investing is only something those evil evil rich people do, it couldn't possibly be the case that most middle class folks have retirement accounts."
"Very interesting, what type of things were in the since removed chapter?"
"Woah there, no need to be so hateful."
Boogie has been going through a rough patch with shitty feedback so hopefully we can all get together and give him some awesome feedback?
dont add more stress with ugly things like consequences
Logic and Debate aren't anywhere in the Bible so I don't have to learn that.
"No no, Samurai Yasou, the one that got released with High Noon Yasou, AKA Classic skin."
If you come down.
This is worth the time to read.
"Yeah, but I never see those people and they live in some third world shithole anyway so they don't matter."
Don't hate on my finishing ability!
"Ah, so I see she understands why you don't talk to her anymore!"
"Maybe it's a direct quote, and the snail doesn't like to swear."
"quit, not quite."
Because no white people get harassed or shot at by cops?
Thanks that helped.
They all look the same though.
"Dude, don't be such a sexist pig."
It
[We'll just assume this occurs after Prison Island]
Ur i cnt c 10 feet anyways anything else is wasted that's why tey made 'pop ins' PC elestists
This mod gets dumber by the day
I will not visit any place where a mans right to drive naked while masturbating is infringed upon.
This post appeared to be entirely consistent with the rules of this subreddit.
"no, he's washed up"
Fucking Americans...
"Seeing as I turned out to be a guy, I'll give you some scissors if you lend me your now unneeded male genitals."
Actually it was more about poking at the reddit hive that supports violence and those people not understanding that those type of posts and comments could cause a strong follower to act out on.
"The sight ward and vision ward last for differing amounts of time, there has to be a visual indicator to distinguish between the two."
"It actually can be both, you see he's gutting the army becuase they'll remain loyal to the american people, he's rerouting money he supposedly gutted from the army to mercanaries who'll be loyal to him and the NWO by contract."
"Arachne, Zhong Kui, and Ne Zha don't need buffs too."
Then you havent been paying attention... mUhahahaha
"Oh, you chair the committee that decides who is or isn't a socialist?"
"And that sesto elemento, don't even get me started"
"Lighten up, he typed it up on his phone."
Plenty of route one football if those two play together!
Everything
"Yeah man, just land the plane in Los Santos Customs."
The SRS doesn't look like it'll be overpowered at all.
Any song Katey Sagal sings...........................
This will be the very definition of swift justice.
This joke never ceases to be funny
"That is how I pronounce it, so yes it is right!"
Totally an angel.
someone forgot the
Yeah Baylor played at 100% that game too.
"Because that's what the post was about, Right?"
And they get the added bonus of having assets in place when the SHTF.
Kid deserved it- stupid Yankees fan.
Ya man you should totally do it!
Well this isn't completely subjective.
2nd ammendment gungrabber!
Funny!
Fuck you Fuck your dog Fuck me Fuck my panties Fuck bleach Your dog is a fucking cunt Fucker
Marilyn Monroe was a shining example of a healthy and well adapted psyche.
You and your old ways.. Now we have DVDs for all that!
"Yes, I upgraded through the windows app store."
You mean the players laughingly going oooOOOoooOO doesn't get you as pumped up as the old rival mascots drowning videos?
"Yeah, the firearms business and related industry are sooo small."
"Wow, spoken like a man mature enough to raise a family..."
"I had no intent of purchasing any of the music, movies, games, books, and software I 'own' so it's okay that I pirated it."
What victims?
"You're right, The Beatles and Michael Jackson were literally all the radio played when they were around, just The Beatles and Michael Jackson on a 24 hour loop, there's wasn't a bunch of other shit playing that no one remembers because it was bad."
"Based on your post history, you sound like a TOTALLY happy go-lucky kinda guy!"
"Nah, we should ridicule women for their incompetence instead."
I am totally and completely shocked.
"But those cost money, and bloggers is free."
Pump and dump
"Yep, the running joke among the instructors about this kid is that he will either grow up to be very kind, or very strong."
"added fc is 1032-2635-0823 i have Dragon | Gabite, Shelgon, Druddiggon"
"By our white guilt combined, it's a flawless plan"
Hank Hill taught me this.
Haven't they stated there is a plan if everything goes tits up?
"Brilliant idea: Totally gonna make a Pegasus Tribal standard deck with Anthems to power them up, and plenty of exile and oppressive rays."
"You do realize that at the time of the moon landings, the technology required to fake the moon landings didn't even *exist*, right?"
It also explains why the BoS are at odds with the enclave for more than just clean water.
True dat
"fuck it, numbers are just hard"
"A shame, since it's a pretty good premise, and it's not like there isn't tons of good material even in-context."
That we know of
"Thank you, she's the best!"
WTF did I just jerk off to?
"As woman is explaining to a cop why they don't appreciate cops coming to their neighborhood and fucking with them, cop comes to their neighborhood and fucks with them."
Sex
We just went full circle
"*Walks into a shop* ""Hi, yes, uhhh, I'd like three religions, please..."""
There is no reason to wait this long.
Well yeah dude this *is* a true story.
Cute
never thought i'd see the day when someone actually complains about matchmaking in the motd
What the FUCK.
..Yeah... absolutely..
Lillyhammer season 10
theyre talking about gender tho not sex also goddamn wtf why do people insist on gif backgrounds i am going to stab my eyes out with a fork
Norton and Avast master race cloking in.
"Instead of boots on the ground, it would achieve success with boots in the air..."
Sappho.
"If I didn't have to panhandle to get enough to live on, I wouldn't."
They could sell Sierra Nevadas for $20 a cup
"Then why didnt Fnatic , Sk or All advanced?"
"haha so true, after Fajr on the last day the Sheykh said ""just remember that there's still Fajr after Ramadan is over""."
"I cannot believe that a person would not only think a line about his dick would be a good opener, but also that a line asking ""what's your drug of choice"" would be a good SECOND message - including not one, but TWO ""lol""s. I can do nothing but shake my head."
I bet that is exactly what the Scotts wanted to hear
"Yes, thank goodness, Daddy Dick Cheney came by and gave them their directions."
samesies.
Move the tv!
"But kills give points, so they are objectives!"
[avada kedavra kills them all obviously.]
"It was close for a little, but mostly yes."
"Well, Rosie is a liberal and libertarianism is about knee jerk reactions and hating on liberals."
If you don't want it you think your friend would be willing to sell it?
The struggle is real!
The hot seat suddenly became frozen
Almost draws parallels to current real life political climates.
Ginkgopolis.
\#IWantARefund #DayZScumbagDevs #Lies
"Yep, pretty much the only reason tourists go to Amsterdam :D"
"Salary retail managers, hourly retail working 2 or 3 part time Jobs that add up to 70+."
You got me I feel a lot better
inta kamen saker bozak
"If one doesn't like hamsters, would any sort of small rodent be acceptable?"
Tea is a drink not a meal you dirty Brits
Clearly Africa just isn't PRAYING enough.
who's worried i am on my way to store so I can go get that Stammer jersey early
"well, it is just the thumbnails"
"Ah, the wonderful nature of totally well thought out and meticulously planned syndication to your own network."
"Yeah bro, objectifying someone's wife is totally a compliment!"
"And when you become Nightwing, I'll happily take your place."
You should use
"so original, 100/10"
"It was me, not you, wasn't it?"
"Only to faggots, so it's OK!"
"btw the correct term is ""scapegoat"" not escape goat :)"
I know it's such a complicated thought
DAE Take Lil Gayne and bring back Pac!
"Because like he worked hard and stuff, unlike the manlets."
"Either they are stuck in the homophobic mindset, or they want you to prove you're not a lesbian by doing sexual things with them."
"Good, I was thinking that he was bout to be shipped to Minnesota."
You had to bring facts into the discussion!
Remember to always tip ... just the tip
"Considering, I'll set as a c/o"
I disagree unless you show me the source.
cowboys
"Because nothing says ""progressive"" like wishing death on someone who's struggling with cancer!"
"So what, hey you aren't really gonna drive that Ferrari 458 hard on the track every day, why I don't I just steal it and give it to somebody who will."
Get out of here with your logic and numbers!
Behold nerds in their natural state: outraged at something!
[He forgot how fast he could run]
well both of them are white...
You're a racist OP...
lol they actually used the pirate sheep
"FUCK BROOKLYN, but really it's a really awesome series if not for the really inconsistent calls."
Terrible but interesting--does this mean that Saudi residents who claim to be atheist can apply for asylum in other nations?
Warhammer 40k
Thanks for the spoiler!
"Nah man, now I have to downvote you to get you back to 47"
Sexual assault is the funniest thing in the whole world!
I bet you're a real catch.
"the things today's people believe, back when I was a lad people were labelled heretics for even suggesting such crazy things as the earth NOT being the center of the universe, ridiculous, lol"
It sure is a good thing we have universal suffrage to ensure the best and brightest lead the nation
They had highways in 99 BC?
"No titanfall doesn't need gimmicky skins and camo, we are better than those CoD peasants."
You're gonna to hear that a lot in prison.
"As long as I get to chose between green, blue, red victory conditions I'm happy."
C'mon you guys... A man was killed.... No time for jokes....
Thanks for those details.
Nah man gotta check that privilege
Yeah because Webb was so bad against France
WHAT
You probably just did it for the vine
And people NBA fans say that the NBA isn't scripted
"Wow, and your parents don't know what it was either?"
You mean you don't do heroin like everyone else?
gunnitbot better pictures
She was teaching how Obama takes all the money from the hardworking Americans and allows lazy shits like yourself to sit on your ass and live comfortably.
Banging those guy friends really does relieve that tension though.
You just have to mix the soap and the water in the soap cup so that it's thinner and will pass through the metering orifices easier.
yay for hating on other humans
It's not like she can feel anything anyways.
Why didn't Nazis just make 5000 Maus'
Why stop smoking when something as easy as walking to the store in the cold and spending 10 bucks in cigs is possible?
"HOW DARE YOU, YOU MISOGYNISTIC ASSHOLE?"
"Remember, you are living in a post racial world, so this is obviously a lie."
"Thanks for the copypasta, I'm sure you'll get right on fixing it, as well as other issues plaguing this game."
Well they are already spending money litigating the constitutionality of the voucher programs so what's a few more millions wasted?
What an interesting way to add strategic depth to a team game.
"But when you compare him to Olivia ""Literally Lenin"" Chow, he's actually left wing."
zomg guise it's TRUTH^TM better listen up!
"That's just subjective reporting, which is awesomely accurate."
Shouldve added an
his *massive* pecs make me feel uncomfortable about my sexuality!
Well how else are companies going to line the pockets of their Wall Street investors and pay massive CEO salaries if of not by totally exploiting the wage slaves they employ eh?
Doges.
"The PC-AT was much smaller than a modern mid tower case, and the full tower case under my desk is at least as big as a 4U server case."
Saxxy 2015?
",Hot Fuzz and The World's End it's a ""trilogy"", after all"
Why does she rotate?
Perfect!
"Always should be followed by ""if he can stay healthy"" dude is fragile for a TE"
The Cricket World Cup!
I was wondering exactly the same thing.
well you'll get 2 years to remember it than.
As a flaming liberal... I'm sorry those guys make you look bad.
Was that the stuff with dihydrgen oxide?
"EatsMeat is stupid cis scum, probably a white male that fucking devil"
"Well I mean it's been like 6000 years right, he's probably just bored of us already"
Screenshot of swiss bank account holders.
"I don't see why, its not risque or anything."
"In other news, crime is down in NYC by 77%."
How does one lynch with a pitchfork?
"Well I'll tell you this, it may be expensive as hell, but looking at what it offers, it just might be worth it."
I thought you had to hold bear tooth and be traded; hence why people simply opt for the tiger evolution at level 36
Chris Paul and Blake Griffin
Jesus.
That much heavy iron gives me a chub
"Its not your internet, the servers are actually down ."
"it's one of the fastest junglers in the game, i dont see why not"
Lebron fan actually.
"I think you are confusing ""things that need to exist"" and ""your preferred business model."""
"Pretty much a kid today, I get nothing."
"yeah i have, she loves the ltitle red light haha"
Haven't Moffat and Matt Smith been saying that every time a creepy episode comes out?
"Swede here, unfortunately I can confirm.. Anything less would be racist and a threat to multiculturalism!"
"I already have a tiling window manager, it's called Windows 8."
About 20% of them are in this picture.
Filthy*
still fastest boots and 4 armor is pretty big.
In this thread: Elitists come to speculate and diarrhea their brand of bullshit all over.
It looks like a spinal column.
Because people are so quick to investigate a car alarm and would never assume it's not just the owner setting it off accidentally.
you dont even know how hard their job is man
"The only two categories of women, duh."
She said she wanted nine inches and she wanted it to hurt so I pumped three times and punched her.
"Yeah, they'll lose *so* much money from it"
This only works if you turn on this game to begin with.
Nintendo would be banned by Religious groups for turning the worlds youth gay
It's Cosmo the best ones of from buzzfeed
Persona 3 portable
"Everyone who usually drafts McFaddden knows it's not a matter of if but when he gets injured, and they just hope they can ride him to a few victories and pick up his handcuff."
This is a kickstarter scam
Does colorblind mode not fix this?
"Yes, Paladin needs a nerf"
"Nah, you just ripped it off the guy who posted the youtube video"
"No, you have not answered my question."
"What a genius, I'd follow him to the end of time."
"There's always the OpenJDK, isn't there?"
"It's an image macro, dammit!"
"PSSHH, IZ THAT SOME IDIOT 4 M4N LEAGUE?"
"Well, since he's a man that would mean he's *mocking* those TRULY OPPRESSED poor black womyns."
"Yeah, modafinil."
Life wasn't pulling any punches with her
"Damn, she needs humped"
Say goodbye to a raid tier.
"RT is pretty trustworthy, especially when it comes to American bashing which is 98% of absolutely everything they report on."
Damn I'm a douchbag because I have green LEDs and a green side panel :( damn in sorry everyone
Hanged for treason.
Pansy.
I too try to summon Satan while playjng EDH
Good luck getting through my elite hacker defenses!
Rivalry renewed!
"Downvote this man, for he speaks the truth!"
TIL bowing down to black people is as easy as just not calling them slurs and being offended by people who do call black people slurs.
"Because that would be cruel, only humans can feel pain!"
"Yeah, you're right, he definitely didn't seize it with 7 catches for 127 yards and 2 touchdowns in the Super Bowl"
Do you have a link for adaway?
That's the generic Favored Class bonus
"annnnnnnd of course in no way, shape or form could it POSSIBLY Imply wealth, status or professionalism."
Yeah totally
I HATE it when that happens
"The weather is not any different for me because I'm 6'6"""
Do we know if it is an in person or phone hearing?
Doesn't matter our eyes can only see 30fps
He is his mother's son.
"thanks, you are very helpful..."
"Yes, I'm totally surprised that the stereotype of modern atheists was played by a Christian, too."
"Yeah, it's not like someone could pretend to be him on the Internet."
"He should feel such shame, for not being addicted to reddit and trying to get as much karma as possible."
"I dunno, bettman is really doing wonders."
"That's good, with his stupidity he needs to be on a mature, level-headed team with responsible players around him to avoid getting in trouble."
They are planning to nerf her.
"Don't go downtown much, where will be a good place to park?"
Makes us fear for what we would bring to the relationship.
"Because lord knows when a remaster, that can be done by a small team in a short period of time, is started, what ever game they may be working on is put on hold"
Which is why police always investigate an accuser before they investigate a criminal.
"Why, the economy is absolutely booming in spain"
Hilarious.....
Well because obviously More $$$$ = way better machine ever created ever
So we are arresting approximately the right number of people.
It's a 30 day holding period.
Or people who don't see a person's color
pinch and then claim it was accidental
"Yes, violence is the answer."
Don't you dare specify genders based on genitalia!
Quality content right here.
Don't worry NC is moving towards cleaner energy with fracking!
"Well, I've heard that works well when the parents don't have the same rules."
But the CG *totally* made up for it!
Clinton was almost a revolutionary.
"If they riot, I heard the SWAT team will show up with a water cannon, and everyone can just hold up their buckets."
How dare you try to shove your 'tolerance' and equality down every ones throats
That's so deep I might drown.
"This guy looks like a Drake wannabe, he is going nowhere."
"Like, perhaps, a pair of cat handcuffs."
"Go full viking, pure bloodlust screaming ""VALHALLA"" - I'm sure Odin will approve."
"He could have done anything and people would have still said it's shit, fuck him for doing something new."
Not surprising to see atheist bigotry from you delusional circlejerkers
"Yes, because Bryan Singer is in control of the costumes and art design on set..."
Thanks for the great advice
"Action movies cause crime against men, ban all action movies Food channel cause obesity, ban all food channel GF/BF causes pre-marital sex, ban all conversation between opposite sex ( kudos to you Satyabhama college ) Supreme Court cause stupidity, ban yourself."
Because she is obviously not old enough to have any opinions of her own.
they should just open up the 300 level on the first base line - no need to broadcast the game on the bigscreen - you could just watch w/ binoculars...
"Well, that worked once, why not"
"Is there a number where I could give information in exchange for a reward, cause I think I know where they can find this pervert."
Those damn statist liberals always trying to misconstrue the ethics of us logical AnCaps.
"Yeah it's not like there was any bad history between the two, nope not at all"
I don't know about you but domestic violence *always* makes me giggle
Dude fat people need to check their privilege
And this is why Ribery should win the Balon D'Or.
Yes reddit creates its own unique content that is completely unique to reddit and is an entire news story in itself without linking other websites
So I guess the 109.5 degree water that the rest of us are drinking is a mixture of the 104 and 114.
"Yeah but the ar is scary and black, so we have to ban it"
Well Melo is clearly the better post player and his defense is second to none...
They happen so regularly that there is never an appropriate time.
And neither ours not theirs changed one bit since then
"Surprised the person who found it wasn't charged with ""prohibited possession of a restricted firearm without a license""."
I AM CALLING YOU OUT By not saying anything to you and simply handing you a card like the passive aggressive piss-head that I am.
The 5DIII is probably smaller.
"Dana is a piece of shit, he is bad for the sport and the only reason he gave them the money is because it was being filmed."
TIL 18 year old Kate Upton is equally as attractive as 21 year old Kate Upon.
"No you just don't get it man it was sabotaged, start9 is the reason we didn't get anywhere and not because it's a flawed system with its own issues just like anarchy not at all"
"Fantastic advice, also stand facing the screen so you don't miss anything when reading of it."
Scrub didn't even try for the 5x5.
"You obviously didn't get the memo, he was clearly under direct orders from Putin."
"just what the PL needs, another IF LM"
Bush
No... what they mean is that they want the kind of country as it was in the time of the constitution....
Doesn't seem right.
My spirit animal is grumpy cat while watching them play.
"Good, he deserves that."
Don't forget swiss cermaics and aera k4's
"Gregory ""El Coffee"" Polanco"
RIP dignity.
In the balls especially...
You forget good public transport!
"It's a combination of guns already existing in large amounts, difference in culture, and size of the country."
James Paredes
Don't forget the amazing mouse lifting flusha taught him.
There where something like +30 failed attempts at killing Hitler so maybe someone could turn all of them into a game.
"As soon as you can think of a better way to allocate resources than capitalism, let us know."
They all look so.... similar.
nice
No worries
"Remember, if someone disagrees with you it's because TPTB paid them to do it!"
"cool, cheers man"
but that's no fun!
"I don't believe things can improve at all through the current system, it's corrupt and broken beyond repair."
The Aperture Science Weighted Companion Cube will never threaten to stab you.
Makes the hitbox for your head a lot smaller so you can escape when getting shot in the back.
They could just print some more.
"If only the Founding Fathers hadn't blamed King George for all their difficulties, this country would be in a much better spot."
"Angry enough to want to tell other people that they suck even though they have zero impact on their lives, too lazy to do anything but scribble some poorly-spelled dribble on their way to work."
You say that like Zoe literally sucked off GabeN himself.
I would be so happy if tOSU never appeared on ESPN again.
"Not really, since imgur don't usually have the stuff I find..."
The Usual Suspects.
"yah, well my daddy can beat up Alex jones..."
"When you're on the internet long enough, everything becomes a copy...of a copy...of a copy..."
Is he a new incarnation of chuckspears?
"So, Moss is only 37, let's kick the tires."
"What's the point of buying a $300 gun, and then not having any money for ammo?"
That title though
Most of these videos are from Everything is Terrible
this kind of tax will tax much more than just the rich
Error 420 - too much Leeroy
"Yeah, because hats take the same amount of work as a building."
Congrats and Good Luck!
Because you said so.
mods are sleeping.... no ?
Jetstar is owned by QANTAS
"I can tell from the boots, this is a recent photo."
I like how everybody is raving about not being yourself and how important it is to fit in.
And she can carry you to diamond!
"Play action, obv."
THERE ARE... FOUR LIGHTS.
I'M A BIG ROBOT AND I WANT A BIG CEREAL
#YOU GUISE!...
"Thank god, Stardust got a reprint, they're so hard to come by"
Maybe a yellow Labrador?
"Yeah, I have like 20 feet of it left over... Pm me I'll give it to you."
I believe a little baby powder or corn starch can help fix that.
sorry forgot the
Racecar bunk beds or gtfo!
Because bumper jumper should totally be a thing in Destiny since that strat is just *sooooo* fun
OMFG THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS I TOOK A DAY OFF TO PLAY 6.0.2 TODAY WTF BLIZZ
"3 wood for you, 7 iron for every other golfer worth his salt"
Well... sucks to be him.
"Right, because it's obviously impossible for them to do both."
"'Cause that ""sorry"" shit is fucking hilarious right now..."
"Sorry, but you can only speak out against cyber bullying if you're a white knight trying to get laid."
Maybe cryptarch will get you some new ones
Should have gotten bluray
Well doesn't that sound like fun on a bun!
"No you moron it's a new ""retro"" skin for Project M."
"Oh yeeeaahhh, way better than Terry Fator."
uncommon time signatures means that the music is better!
I would bet my entire life savings that it won't crack $300 million domestically.
"These have got to be some of the most organized, well equipped rebels without outside assistance I have ever seen."
It is in there so you can follow the rules.
"The use of the word ""something,"" of course, indicates that the woman is literally a ""thing."""
Great way to preach Islam is to bring out stereotypes.
"Thanks for this, I did find it weird that all this AW hype was coming out."
"as a substance, oil is very nationalistic and resists departing from its point of origin"
"I thought it was funny that they stopped right then, but c'mon.... it was meant to be a moderate amount of"
Stop being entitled they gave us so much free shitty overpriced dlc
"Gun bans have done such a good job of keeping weapons away from criminals, I am sure that an armor ban will be equally effective"
And I'm sure this has lead to greater efficiency and better served consumers.
Shhh get out of here with that logical thinking
"Wow, alright, feeling the support."
Perhaps they don't want to risk losing an employee for 6 months if they get caught with drugs
Oh you monster
Homestar Runner.
All dem swedes look the same to me!
Are you psychic?
Well it's good that you let her prove herself first before criticizing
OMG haha can't believe I laughed at this So wrong hah See you in hell
Screw you for wanting your team to win.
BETA MALES - redpiller
She will have the experience and get paid less than minimum wage with a chance to(possibly) make it with tips... But wait their is more... she can pay for her own health insurance too!
Atticus was the best part of the movie i really liked his character i mean he outran a tsunami and saved a child was Pompeii the best movie no but i have seen worse movies
"See this is what US should have done, offer Saddam and Osama US citizenships."
I bet Erin put him up to it.
well if knee are the problems then lets just get rid of them
But But.... MH370!
The twin towers never existed.
"Nice filter, really adds to the picture."
Laughing about how they're going to leave Miami
If they don't feed her that's elder abuse!
"No, you may not laugh at my jokes."
lol you went to reddit before trying to go into another portal...what the actual fuck?
Yeah it's such a turn-on when dudes talk like a 3 year old demanding an ice cream cone.
Clearly tolerance is not a two-way street...
"Well, we were all thinking it."
"No no, those definitely had their run in the Gillis is fired thread."
"I really hope they make the deadline, seems like it will be tough to finish the bikes in time!"
Disgaea 4... Shit I need this
By breaking the game to a state where it excepts arbitrary code and writing said code into memory then executing it... simple!
Should have pulled themselves up by their bootstraps as the flood came.
i dont see a problem.
"But really guys, lets not use up all of our good luck on that kind of a crazy wish!"
"Wow so many mechanics, such a complex and deep game, many combinations."
Nah probably modern shit like Justin Bieber and Katy Perry
"Yeah, it should be a condo instead!"
Ah look exactly the way Gingers are treated in the UK!
"So Adlington, now that you have revealed your face, should Etho do the same?"
We don't even know if Etho have a face yet
Yes because internet petitions will change the world!
"Yeah, but then how would A&amp;E make money?"
"You should start doing ports as soon as you can in order to get crew members, ship and building upgrades, and scrolls."
Sweet you know Kevin too?
I agree that they should be dealt with but priorities dictate that one protect one's self before protecting others.
"Reddit can suck one, every black girl I know is pretty awesome, and I'm your average white dude!"
I just watched boat trip and it was more enduring the second time around.
"You missed so much, dude."
you can see the ref in the clip signal over to the Cowboys sideline how short he is.
This is what they do to you when you forget to take your laptop out of your bag.
"we pretty much got NCR, NWM and SCR are similarly far for most in norcal"
He should have been a model.
"Plese don't simplify this, they don't only have one point, you're not helping with spreading misinformation."
In 1937 Hitler declared all the infantry in the German army were now elite 'grenadiers' In 2014 VW have declared all Passats are now CCs
Fame goes quicker for the first 230 too.
The world taught me to hate it.
One of the two (as far as drums and SnY go) don't stack with each other.
Will the unicorn be pink and fluffy?
"Because adding ""lmao"" totally makes it okay."
that would be a del *.mp3
That's life
By clogging up traffic at rush hour?
"Yes, yes, byte me, byte me!"
That could have gone much more horribly wrong.
thanks!
fertilizer for the grass to grow quicker creating job security for the goats.
"I mean yeah, if you just ignore the half of the country that disagrees with you, everyone thinks the same as you!"
"That's fair, I was thinking more people that have only like 15lbs to lose."
Inflation is just the average of price increases.
I misread this and was REALLY confused.
which happens to be how much you need to invest at 5% interest to have a perpetuity in which you collect n dollars per year where n is the number of years.
It's FLAWLESS VICTORY you retard.
I don't like his ego.
"Next up, ""Texas passes law that reclassifies *video recording* as domestic terrorism if corporations dislike the content of the video."""
"I'd like to take Jews for $1000, Alex."
I am proud of your words.
that is a different story....we have our own reasons to hate each other
Man you sir showed him who's immature with this comment
but it doesn't sync comments so its pretty much useless
Fuck you no one needed to know this..
Except everyone that plays a support champion?
TIL Creatine=HGH
oh that's terrific
"OK, that's super creepy."
We are no Warmduschers.
"It's a big step up for you guys in that regard, last season the keeper would be missing an ear!"
I'm sure he wouldn't need to carry a gun if it wasn't for gun nuts like on this sub.
"nothing made me happier than hearing my perfect, fragile flower girlfriend (who doesn't fart) say that she pees in the shower."
Tell that to my ex girlfriend
Because woman are delicate creatures
Blood identification required before online play available...
Such is the nature of powerful nations that war is inevitable.
"Look at the rich guy splurging on the Acer C720 when you can get the Asus C200, which is fanless, has better build quality, a better screen and 2-3 hours more battery life"
"No, I'm a self-hating Jew when I point these things out, though... because the need for a Jewish state obviously trumps human rights"
You dropped this:
But that would make them slaves!
"No way it could be sloppy conditions and sub par equipment, it is obviously the government lying to us about how it is transmitted."
I'd take a free house right now.
wouldn't understanding it be sort of like appropriating the culture?
Think I saw this guy in one of the Hellraiser movies?
Could you do john wick?
"am giants fan, can confirm i think about nothing besides wishing i were a dodger fan...."
"nice, do you ball anywhere around town?"
Because everyone in Africa has Ebola
Eating disorders are so fun
"Yes, but that $746 figure *could have been* $833."
that gif is 50 mbs.. you even compress bro?
"But it's wine, it's classy!"
"Public universities should have to comply with the laws of their respective state, as well as relevant federal laws."
"Mary Anne in *The Things They Carried*--her transformation seems so positive at first, and then gets so very, very dark."
Finally!
"Well damn, nice console graphics you have there..."
Yep because 9/11 was completely religiously motivated.
Worst post and account ever!
I don't think Netaneyahu will like this
"She's really easy to play, just use a script."
He clearly meant Zionists.
"Fucking triggers, shitlord."
He certainly has a wide vocabulary!
Good luck.
"Ah yes, because California is obviously the most water-needy place in the world"
Obviously Salmond is going to swap out FM for Eternal President after a Yes vote.
"Yeah brah, I think it's obvious that the problem is because republicans something something something something Obama just couldn't get it past them."
It's b/c people are lazy and would like for him to copy and paste the information along with citations.
I have an iphone 3s that still looks new and is as fast as wife's 4 or 5 or something (for calls and messages) just a giant scam
Well then fuck you too sir.
Oh well that doesn't warrant a vet visit at all.
Sometimes when i stand for a very long time i wished a hero like him would come to my aid.
"Obviously because it's all metal, guys!"
"Well, men are obviously the cause of all these problems, so they're not allowed to complain about them."
"This is dark souls, screw the new people!"
"We already know it's the best, no need to seek justification."
"Damn, you seem like someone who truly understands and cares for younger people, you're probably a great teacher with an excellent relationship with your students, you do a great job of inspiring people to want to learn."
I wonder if they'll walk around shows with aprons from their workers on instead of ones they bought off etsy.
Nothing more attractive than a person begging for your attention and using baby talk.
Her hand is in two of them so she's obviously an attention whore just like all women.
"Nope, just trying to beat every team except the kings, sens, and stars."
Bitch please 420ZZ
Even when the episode aired I disagreed with it.
"But knowing Tumblr, they're not going to recognize that it's their own posts being turned against them and doxx the person posting the ""Jailbreak the Patrairchy"" post."
"no way, the marklar thing is SO FUNNY and makes this community so much better!"
"Oh that's nice, I'm still number one in assists and steals -John Stockton"
B-b-but they don't know any better!
"Yeah I didn't know that until I looked it up a few months after seeing it, haha"
Reading burns calories right?
If only there was some sort of in between... if only there was some sort of back up position to relieve him!
"Ron Paul and his son Rand both have PHDs and boy, arnt those two just full of awesome ideas."
Of course Rivals is better locked at 30 fps.
He was just showing her what NOT to do with a guy.
Yay mobile url!
"Yes great point, because all know that poor people are really just lazy people."
It's safe to say he's not worth drafting now.
Your crosley will definitely damage those
**MASC 4 MASC NO FEMS OR GAYS**
Still very bad ass.
That's because there are much less players in Basketball than there are in baseball.
"That seems like a really good opportunity to sue a major company, and make yourself a shit-load of money."
"Advantages: * Piston system keeps fouling/burnt powder up front and not fed back into the bolt area * Simpler to manufacture * No need for a buffer assembly Disadvantages: * Weight... the DI system on the AR-15 can be very light, but the AR-18 system isn't much heavier"
So mean...
Mutually beneficial agreements are a relationship *win*.
...and Comcast/the US government just got an idea.
Egypt
"Pffft,big deal I'm sure he can get things done."
Or even just bring his driver's license and not let his car reek.
We need more mutants with extra arms to balance things out.
I seriously hope you looked her straight in the eye and said that with authority.
I am tired - both in body and in mood.
I'm afraid the deflector shield will ne quite operational when your friends arrive.
A cutie with short hair is what we all expected and it's exactly what we got.
"Preferential voting, how does it work"
Molotov is still hurting.
"I sure am glad that King County spends $1.36M/year on MRAPS, military helicopters and other old military gear... Surely this is the best way to spend tax money in a way that keeps us safe..."
"Which is more or less irrelevant when you are exploding skulls, OHKing people."
"Yeah, the second amendment sure seems to be stopping all the police brutality in this country."
"Welcome to your bottle, genie."
Lol Andre Drummond #3
"Yerror is a pretty cool guy from what i heard, I think it's cool that he gets a chance to play infront of his homecrowd."
A young coder's got it bad 'cause I'm brown!
But the stats....think of the stats..
"I don't understand this prank, nobody got hurt nobody was robbed nobody felt abused or unjustly assaulted..."
I don't get why Qatar doesn't just deport them..
If that's the women they have in the Illuminati i'll sign up right now.
Unless there are subsidies like in Europe it's not cost effective
That I can agree with 100%!
"If you hate the VK3601, you're going to *love* the Tiger I."
"What is the detailed method to producing the cleanest, most efficient energy for global use?"
\#justformattingthings
A cub sub
"And yet, were still winning in a damn hard central"
Thanks!
My experience with obs was terrible but I'm sure that was a standalone instance.
"Special forces maps were amazing, i don't understand why DICE thinks we don't want night maps back..."
"Ringo's floor tom was also tuned super low, which is great for using it in ride patterns."
Murrey 2014 best fantasy RB so far
Let me tell you the biggest problem about concealed carry: How the fuck am I supposed to be able to tell the good guys from the bad guys?
"He has a great voice, and I hope he does wonderful things in the musical community."
I've been on that website
Is Reddingtons Rare Records still open?
Couldn't find the .gif so video it was.
"We graduated in '07, so about seven years."
Now you're overreacting lol
too soon
"17 here, pussy"
Precisely.
You are a king among men.
Difference is Ivory doesn't stay healthy.
"Yeah, because noone worth talking about needed help, ever."
As long as it keeps the right people from voting.
Joke.
Oh yeah since he just like every comic ever always and totally tells the truth without fabricating even one bit I bet he totally hates his kids just like he says in his standup.
Well of course AMERICAN Express isn't accepted in the UK.
It was like reading a 90's version of Wonder Years.
I think Katy Perry needs some more police protection
"Man, it's a good thing Dubai has all these state-of-the-art defense measures to combat all that crippling crime over there!"
"What happens is we should let them in and give them all a big hug, denying them entry would be racist and bigoted you fucking FASCIST NAZI PRICK"
"By the response that you got, yes, yes I think you're on Xbox Live."
"Sorry, maybe this will help:"
Homeopathy!
seed=/=world download
lol
"oh yeah there wasn't a giant uproar for weeks about that, not at all"
At first I thought they were broken hearts in front of pointy condoms and was very confused.
"Either this would make an awesome movie plot twist, or I need to go to bed."
"Makes sense, people in wheelchairs are closer to hell and definitely evil."
"Yeah, i could imagine seeing nintendo be like "" well, most of all trailers and screenshots were from wii u but we cancelled it ok bye! """
I think weed should be legal therefore I can pretend it is and do whatever i want!
"As someone of Irish descent who's never been to Ireland, I feel your pain."
Isn't gamer just another word for racist bigot?
The Zoldyck Family arc.
"Lemme fix dat for you: Yeah, fuck POOR consumers!"
I am a firm believer that we DO NOT NEED all those carriers... However we have them because fuck you commies that's what's freedom is all about!
"I think tulpas have legitimately gone out of fashion in the SJW community, otherkin and headmates still get posted, but I think the number of laughs one can generate out of someone insisting they're actually a dragon/narwhal with 30 people living in them is limited."
"Be careful man, you could overdose on that many Marijuanas!"
"I know, I was kidding lol Should've added a"
It's always the cat.
"Buy the weapons a cell phone, NSA will handle the rest."
Vidal himself when he signs for us ....
Cuz he might force you to have the sex!
holy wow i never knew this
check ur priviiillleeeege
yeah but he talks so... black.
"Yeah, cause the multiplayer on pc is flawless..."
It hurts so good.
"I never thought I'd see Lion King, 9/11, and Linkin Park in the same title, but alas here we are..."
"Yeah, Draskyl should always have the last word"
Nice title.
thanks :)
I knock on their doors early on Saturday mornings and ask if they have time for their lord and savior Rice and Beans.
Mason would've done it better
"Yes, because the circumstances of coordinated professional play can be even remotely compared to that of your average pub."
because its sooo metal man
An awesome 10 minute long game
Nigel de jong.
"They shall come, and we will show them."
looks a little dark there...
"You're right, because the system choosing a random button to press out of hundreds of entries every second is the greatest thing ever."
This is why I'm still waiting for a audiobook style reading of Elder Scrolls books.
"But if the senators have nothing to hide, what's the problem ?"
"You're missing out, Abe."
Can't take drunk pictures with it awkwardly 5/10
I wonder what map that hallway is from...
She's not actually talented because it's from a photo!
I'm sure this time they'll actually get off their computers and do something.
I can read this.
"Well you see, every straight cis male is born a rapist and it is only by being raped himself that he can reach salvation and get welcomed in the holy halls of tumblr."
"Calm down, Quantum's boatload of money is on the way."
Yeah because BTTF did Time Travel first...
"NO, HE'S JUST DOING THIS TO GET FANS, HE'S FAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE!"
You misspelled prisons idiot.
I wait with baited breath.
Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan are part of Europe...TIL
Apparently America is stupid and only believes anything with an american accent.
"Idk, based on you post they don't seem any more self-righteous than any other young idealistic group of politically aware people - libertarians included."
What's the point of Christmas and presents if *I* don't get something?
"Whats the issue, he is having fun with a glitch, I have been doing the Jesus and staircase glitch the past few days because it is fun"
They are extra spanish
Disable the integrated gfx in the Nvidia control panel?
"This is why I fail at ISK making on the market, I'd have to quit my job."
Elon Musk sure didn't.
"They've sold fake ruds in joke item sections for ages, I even find them in dollar stores, this just seems like another form of that."
He's a full on neck-beard mouth-breather
I don't think I want to participate in a gangbang.
...nobody is forcing you to run an oil line through your property.
Oh crap I'm an idiot.
ty :)
"As an away fan, the air ball chant really gets to me."
Everyone in the thread gets 4 points!
A repost.
Lets hope we get it early or mid January!
Seriously.... How the fuck does the PR guy think this was a good idea.
Why not have the vest with the colour of the flags and then the team logo on the chest or back.
The armor shop has very fetching dresses at reasonable prices.
"Glad the Phins didn't keep Soliai, he got a big deal with the Falcons."
lol
Wasn't funny - punch line needs work
"Most of the time, pepper spray is used on its owner because the owner has generally not prescribed with it and the attacker is able to take it from them"
&amp;gt;I need to get to someone who cares enough about me to protect me Sooooooooo.... no one?
If that rope slips off the bee though say goodbye to your family
"This news probably wont start to efect the price of gass at the pump for a few weeks or months, but if Saudi Arabian rough neck farts in the desert the price at the pump go up 45 cents overnight."
"Cleaner's Carbine is like the Eyelander, but because the stock SMG is so fucking bad as it is, it's pretty rare that you can pull off the first kill to get the mini-crits anyway."
"Its so good, but you're right, they're only in California, Oregon and Washington."
He chose... poorly.
Being an elo booster in season 1 and 2 where Riot wasn't strictly enforcing the rules is not the same thing as being an elo booster in season 4 where people have been permabanned for elo boosting.
"Space is always lost on formatting and apps, on all storage media."
Gesundheit
"Right, a statute that violated the Constitution."
"Time is money, friend!"
Recemos por un Altamira/Pitrola 2015.
"Fair enough, but in a conversation about what constitutes a sport I would think you would only list things that set them apart from other competitions."
I mean in the denominator
"Yep, they are using all the power for graphics"
"Not sure it works that way, lol."
"thank Riot for keeping the competition intense in NA/EU,"
"I've never played PS1, but that sounds amazing."
DAE think lesbians just need to try dick to make sure they really aren't sexually available to me?
"prenups still put you at the mercy of a family court judge, which do not tend to go the man's way"
"well done on understanding the issue as little as humanly possible i guess if they want business they should stop price gouging us its really as simple as that very few people actually care whether downloading is right or wrong, theyre going to do it until theres a real alternative"
god dammit ive told all my coworkers about this and completely forgot to go -_- wtf
"Yeah, much worse than female groupies"
Freedom is *so* overrated
Because having spawn is a GUARANTEE they will take care of you
Vista was fine if you were okay with UAC popping up every time you wanted to do something other than copy files from one directory to another.
"Can't even 2h it :( I was hitting with an unmodded reinforced club, my buddy was hitting with a dagger."
it wouldn't have gotten so popular if it weren't for breaking bad
But decks without Sure Gamble aren't competitive!
I always wanted to drink that blue space milk.
Yeah where is the gamecube controller...
After JFF Graduated:The Texas A&amp;M Circle Jerk is over Today: LONG LIVE THE TEXAS A&amp;M CIRCLE JERK
It's Co-Jo.
8 Barely Legal Ninja Wives - The Sword Master Ftfy
"Yeah, you're right, the only two options are jabbing a toddler in the eye and getting rid of the dog."
"I don't know, there was something pretty magical about Tom Cruise telling me to respect the cock."
yea getting a big company involved will make things all better
It's just a 200-year-old piece of paper.
wut
If those kids can jump on top of a table at city Council maybe they'll be heard!
He could be doing the second campaign mission...
try saving - I think you mean ALWAYS save as .png
"Ah, right."
He's got us now!
thats a waste you cant see over 720p anyways
I didnt see that
Where the hell am I gonna get 300 rockets?
Nah nobody has mentioned it yet.
You mean you aren't down for that DISCREET fun ~~OP~~ Lamey McLamey?
"If you can remember it, it wasn't that severe."
Must be why your win% is shit
"It's ok, the stockings cover her up."
"And I've been driving for less than 10 years, so you know I'm always right."
"thanks Obama was always meant as a joke, these retards are serious."
Don't forget about how every one of them has fucked your mom.
master chief is superhuman so therefore nightwing can't win because he is human
let us consider both options...see what tents are available and then decide on the better option ?
"It's not really *impossible*, but it is hard to comprehend how they could be that careless."
"Take your eyes off the road and look where they're pointing, duh."
but I kept reading everywhere how much he sucked!
ESPECIALLY
Never heard that one before.
I bet all the TSM fans would enjoy that
"Yeah, now we can get back to screenshots about how people had a close game with 0 deaths and whatnot."
But their religion (Christianity) is the right religion and Jews are hellbound...
Because hurr durr 9/11 was Bush's fault
Finally a huge car accident from UK.
Piece in the crease
"He's a villian, giving everyone autism and what not"
Their parents were probably raised in an abusive household as well so they're off the hook too.
"It's really because they're all out protesting and being lazy rioting blacks, amirite?"
You are so idealist utopian.
"Also, walls are coded as minions."
That doesn't sound psychopathic at all.
"So like Smite's Poseidon's Pool, but not DoT, and instead burst at the end."
"Yep, it's definitely the democrats holding back drug legalization."
Actually an infinite amount of numbers have never been used :p
But if alcohol is involved you can't consent hence she is raping you
Westbrook is toxic to the team and impeding on their long term success.
I too am surprised that humanity isn't one giant hivemind.
"Yeah, you complaining is definitely a quality post."
brb checking yahoo for trends
"And yet he manages to score goals :,) **\#Legend**"
Well yeah - I mean it's going to take every waking hour to browse all those suitable vacancies!
"Ah yes, the little-known ""from Australia"" whore qualifier."
This happens because we allow people free speech and protest.. duh... we just need a supreme leader to keep things straight.
I'm going with the dude sitting in his mom's basement eating cheetos...
As if the admins will reveal the identities of those who pull their strings aka SRS/Jooz/Feminazis
"Yeah, that philosophy will work out great."
Air vehicles weren't OP in BF2 Fuck off
Or just add
Jeez hurry up guys WW3 is imminent!
"Republicans and Democrats -- the 2 parties that *both* made the US like this with their wars, crimes and pro-corporate policies -- ought to be ashamed of themselves."
"dude...its obviously because you can't like, trust the cops ya know, they are all pigs and evil"
How does the joint stay lit under water?
"Of course that doesn't actually happen, just the animus makes it seem that way."
Male Privilege is not being able to tell if you're being rapey or naive!
"I don't know what OP means, but when I saw ""meme"" I knew Reddit would eat it up; ""Everyone who is more successful than me is like this guy, the system is rigged"" It's amazing that all these internet kids have the ability and reasoning to envision the perfect societal and economic mode."
Due to global warming
Get that Wraith tank out of there!
Learning tools of the trade definitely ruins creativity.
Thanks Obama.
"I agree, he shouldn't have celebrated that goal"
This is 2014 man.
They're just mentally disturbed kids.
"I hope those suits come back for the new movie, they were bad ass."
They also have a blue flame... source: crossed the 8 volt and 4 volt rails.
Get it cut
`NUMBNESS WILL SUBSIDE AFTER SEVERAL MINUTES.`
"works great when it works, but expensive to fix because front bumper for washer fluid."
Yes please
"But they match, and they're preeeeettttyy, surely that's gotta shave a few strokes, no?"
Vince Gilligan predictable?
This guy gets it
"I used to take Beta alanine for rowing, it doesn't give you a rush."
*tips fedora*
"This is Tim cooks way of saying ""up yours"" after the whole U2 fiasco."
Beer #3 and #4 are agents of capitalist Migug dodug and never existed.
Big booty burger
So many don't seem to understand that huge breasts and nice breasts aren't the same thing.
but how am I gonna make money like that pimp daddy :(
"prices will come down over time as more competition enters the market, legally."
"A similar error message came up several times just now, running it through a Javascript validator...I have no idea what that means or how to resolve it though..."
That knitting circle are a just a bunch of misandrist shitladies!
Men can't be raped silly.
"Hey, my mother went to Iowa buddy."
"So, here's the deal, Join a college, harass students on your will, molest 'em or ""whatever"" &amp; then get expelled... So being a college student gives you immunity from the law of the country, sweet..."
"pretty certain we didn't have a spare, and it was just as easy and informative to rewire the plug - it's hardly difficult"
That Sharpie tat is surely going to cause some regret for the next few days for sure!
Nice tips but if the situation is one of shooting through a narrow line of sight don't try to shoot a couple of centimeters away from my head.
Creepy and manipulative in one short sentence!
Glad to hear it.
"Yep, that's the ""smart move"" I talked about."
I think it's more Marc Trestman pulling a fast one on literally everyone by making McCown look good in his system.
video link plz
"Yeah I can definitely see the allure in that kind of micro, especially since it is both functional and attainable (but still be difficult)"
Hoax itu mah... momod tolong ti banned dong orangnya nyebarin hoax...
I've never seen the Big Lebowski.
coastguard?
u think were idiots or wut
Is this even legal?
"Are we talking a Panton print, reproduction, or original?"
I blame porn overdose.
"There's no way that's pre WWI, it's in colour!"
Came here looking for this quote
"Those weren't 12 to 6 though, but they were to the back of the head."
"I dont think its a bug, im pretty sure its intended"
Cocky boys that make more money than you + better at the game ;)
"Their reasoning for removing ""back"" as an option was to reinforce Android design guidelines by forcing you to use the back button."
He is just mindlessly repeating what other intellectually stunted people have told him.
"I know, but the Headline gave me hopes for a GC Controller which you could hook up to the wii mote, or maybe even a Pro Controller Version for Wii U."
"yeah, all 5 points of it... smh."
depressed or compressed?
"The Breyer's ""blasts"" are all terrible."
Do you have any idea how many checks are mailed now?
I'm not sure if that answers his question.
Yeah but they still made a video for every song.
The solution to all these complaints about indefinite detention at Gitmo is clearly to make it so nobody knows what is going on at Gitmo.
Ugh... those toolbars
Why is it okay for police officers to pepper spray non-violent people on the street?
"No, they added skins and instantly game performance dropped down."
I know your anger...
"Yes, try these on and let's load up 4 plates for you to deadlift."
"No, its the plot from How I Met Your Mother."
can't tell if serious or
one of my only memories from kindergarten was making a girl laugh so much nacho cheese oozes out of her nose.
Yep =)
"Well, its not like furries are actual people."
"Yeah, but that makes too much sense."
If I could understand how he could be confused by 3 sentences and pictures I'd have lots of my questions answered about him.
"If you are trying to sell unique weapons, I recommend going on minecraft trade servers, they have a lot of noobs."
"You evil, evil, man."
This is kinda funny
I just shove the whole cookie in my mouth and sip some milk.
He's just thinking about when they become UFAs.
Yeah but it's the others that are dangerous !
"20/20 hindsight man says ""something something you should have something something"""
How can she phone if her arms are broken?
"Is the kernel the reason why we don't see many games on Linux, though?"
"No, it's a false fact..."
The open fishing reel catalog explains everything.
IMPOSSIBLE THERE WERE NO WMDs IN IRAQ
Because crouching in other games doesnt make your hitbox smaller
Why didnt you flip off the camera like a cool kid?
Would you do it again?
How do you know if a guy is an ABD?
...making chromeos pointless since android already runs android apps.
No the kid was a wind drift indicator.
My dad is GabeN so he gave it to me for free
"The others skins say ""Bathe in the glow"" at the same volume, you only realized the Ramerica one because of that luscious voice."
Who knows why the New London Police Department didnt want the *40 year old police trainee*?
"Damn, too bad he didnt know he could read the script before taking the part."
"his ex-girlfriend's, actually"
"agree, Lake LITERALLY tried to kill the guy."
decriminalized in Chicago and i believe in some counties surrounding
"I'm really looking forward to ""literally autistic"" in twitch chat now"
The 3 I've gotten on WonderTrade beg to differ.
I like to be called PERFECT because anything less is an insult to my amazing glory.
"Need a UN Peace Keeping troops to maintain the ""peace"" with Palestinians in Gaza"
Thanks for asking permission to repost my shit!
I guess that's true :\ I hope I won't change when I get a job...
I guess that is a matter of opinion though
"Most countries binge drink, especially european ones."
being the best team in the worst division in the NL is not exactly something to be excited about right now.
"Obviously, he's an anti-Semite."
But rape culture doesn't real because feminists are stupid!
Adulthood must be fun.
"First black people are bad, now asains are ""damned"""
"Good thing I paid full price at launch, Thanks!"
Lower tier = better camo obv
It's because your toilets flush counterclockwise because you're in southern hemisphere
"But Git is better, and smart people use Git, and centralization is a terrible idea that should have never been invented, and only an idiot would choose SVN over Git, and mah sugahs are dropping (oh wait, wrong subreddit)!"
"Just remember, everyone... GET A JOB."
Now this is a person you can trust when you ask him during a match to uninstall Dota.
S1337 makes for a slippery slope.
"And TIL all bodybuilders are actually really weak, they just look big."
Jesus in all my anagramming I didn't figure that out.
That was because the rubberbanding and how it was map specific was OUR fault!
"You are a bad person, how dare you enjoy something that you like."
Blatant racism...great.
Maybe there is a reason why Poland cannot into space
Won't hold in court due to prior art.
That would just be perfect...
You can always go to the library
Damn budget cuts.
That works for me!
"And there are never pileups up north on the freeways.. I mean, it's not like I-94 in Indiana just had a massive pileup on it a few days ago... and there are never lots of accidents the first few times it snows up north either because people never forget what it's like to drive in snow and icy conditions"
HAHAHAHAHAHA
"Yeah, GTA V is the only console game to have aim assist"
"He's still not good, just really fast...."
"Hey, he might be the oldest ride, but he still has the longest line."
"See, there's this amazing thing called Google, you should try it sometime"
"I'm 99% sure Bruce Willis was replaced with a look alike, much like the whole Paul McCartney situation."
"Yeah, witness #40 sure gave some overwhelming testimony clearing Officer Wilson!"
You mean he's not already?
Unjust laws need to be broken.
Unless your name is Abraham.
Hey that's not very nice!
Didn't end too well for them...
That's worked so well for some of the other Catholic teachings like birth control.
ITT we find out that *pottersquash* had his gf stolen by Kirk Cousins.
It's uncommon i promise :)
That I'm addicted to coffee
"I actually find them to be more annoying, because they're being negative."
You've summed it up more beautifully than I could.
"Stop lighted roundabouts are a symptom of an underlying disease endemic to all UK councils that I like to call ""control-freakery""."
Points in dm are meaningless bro.
Both of them are.
It is and it isn't
This is just evidence that global warming is a farce made up by the elite leftist conspiracy of scientists and hippies
Look who's persecuting the christians.
"Obviously not for dominos who will fire you for having a weapon at work, let alone using one."
"You did good but if you see him again simply take a picture Nd make him aware of you doing so, this will work for any situation like this, also if the worse ends up happening you have a picture of said douche to give the cops."
References to Kids in the Hall or Bruce Springsteen always get my upvote.
He wanted to take over her Navel Base
"I don't know man, I haven't watched him enough but going from being a wing to be a (somewhat) play caller that late in your career and in a new league would be hard."
"Take note, Paul George."
"It says ""Are you sure"" because it's still a Microsoft product."
Siglite Night Sights
"You can't be serious, and if you are then you are lacking knowledge in how the internet works"
winder
I ^like ^^revenge ^^^best
"Nah, he missed the snatch."
How will I get my sweet injection-molded petroleum based polymer lawn chair from China for the low low price of $9.99 I'm sitting on right now otherwise?
"Oh look, it thinks it's human."
but he complimented your smile so by human nature you should want to fuck him immediately no?
"I'm sure they very carefully measure out exactly how much drugs they have on them at any given time and that there's no cop that'd bust them anyway, right?"
"Because giving women high paying, high powered, cushy jobs at the socio-economic right of the bell curve is just giving women their rightful places alongside men...but...making women carry their own weight in cleaning half the sewers, extracting and refining half the resources, performing half the manufacturing, constructing half the buildings, laying half the infrastructure and hauling half the fucking trash is misogyny, SHITLORD!"
All the links are purple so he hangs here anyway.
Totally league of legends content
"Hey shitlord, if you've ever even put your phone on a flat surface you're a dick!"
"sorry, didn't understand."
Read the post...
"All while you sit around completely helplessly because of tristana's passive that makes it so you can't move or use any abilities, dumb champ please nerf."
"Yeah, sure it looks cool, but wouldn't you rather carry around a piece of trash?"
Because I'm pissing on the bravery jerk I guess.
Better luck than the rest of her expedition team...
So a regular cop?
pretty bold considering his 66 yards on the first drive
"So let's not ever study anything done in the past that was morally wrong, because no insight could ever possibly come of it."
"It's on a German uniform, so everything's alright then."
"Fuck, that kid is a psychopath in the making."
"Thanks, De Blasio"
Just because it didn't die right away doesn't mean it had success
That would make an awesome tattoo!
that doesn't sound like comparing sticks at all
"Omg, the leather looks so nice and buttery"
"Oklahoma borders Kansas, therefore logically Oklahoma City borders Kansas City so you can basically claim the Thunder"
"Oh yes, the civilized Europeans don't deal with things such as violence, unlike those stupid Americans."
But I thought more megapixels meant better pictures
The fact that they specify no insect infested consoles means that was a big enough problem that they had to state it...
No that 1k dollar pc wont bring you any Performance improvements
This is truly what Martin Luther King had in mind.
"The drone was spying on me and invading my privacy, I feared for my safety."
Sunshine didn't get enough glory imo - timeless game.
"That's not very secure... Try ""imsorryyouwererightyoualwaysare012"""
Scouting legion cause I'm badess jk I'd die instantly I'd be like stationary causes I'd be 420 on that wall
Player also autoattacks faster.
"Will you quit nit picking, like omg"
Nah any league average players could've done what Kruger and Frolik did
all of the characters from dragon ball z
Who doesn't like watching drunk girls pretend to smoke your weed?
But iOS 7 is perfect!
Just be happy.
"Your upvote, sir."
..........well
"Must be Nazis doing this to Tarnish the Freedom Fighters, the Nazi's love Missiles"
"good detective work Watson, thanks for cracking the case wide open."
Oh sorry
But it was custom designed for *Slytherin Studios*
it keeps the temp below 30 fps
Yeah I hate paying 60 dollars to play 300+ hours of just multi-player like BF4 or COD.
"Cooked anything makes it easier for the nutrients to be absorbed in the body, so whatever you 'lose', you more than make up for by cooking it."
We can fix that.
You belong in diamond when you get to diamond.
So much reverse Islam in this thread!
"We should start another world war, then!"
"Yeah, I can't tell you how many times an apple has saved my alertness when cramming for a test."
Because those duck dynasty guys sure have all that public support.
was that guy talking with a lollipop in his mouth the whole time?
Amazing!
That doesn't sound too radical
It's a complete bargain!
Fucking terrorist.
"Who doesn't want a more just world where players can bite whoever they want to, it's just not fair!"
Sounds like communism to me.
That's the poor feminine-otherkin-pan-omnisexual-multiracial victims only defense against the cis-toting-white-thin-privileged patriarchy's eye-mind-subway-money-society rape.
sound logic.
How could the police possibly know that the needed to concentrate their patrols on Bourbon St?
"Actually, I am Lars Ulrich and I hate sell outs and modern artists like Lil Wayne."
"For sure, hiring an external firm to assess and improve team relationships, or holding mandatory annual *sensitivity training* are really great ways to support your studio."
so bulk at 250 over tdee and dont get fat wow that was hard
"In some English versions, ""company"" is considered a plural noun... Not everyone uses the correct, American forms."
It'll be over by Christmas.
"I only have opinions because game companies planted them in my head, so it's their fault."
"By all means post it too, there aren't enough threads complaining about this"
"I laughed :) Ridiculous, but not so ridiculous that the message was lost."
\#shrekt
"Downvote me for the repost, but this may be the reason we are not in Champions League football next year."
"Yeah, sure, don't forget Obama is also a gay ACLU law professor and abortion doctor and Bush is a patriotic pro-life Navy SEAL who served over 1000 tours of active duty."
"Yeah, but you're stealing from a *corporation,* not a person."
I know you probably won't understand a word I'm saying... because you're a woman and all.
I looked at the google and the pictures don't really look alike.
"No no, you are thinking of swordfish."
Such an informative and well thought out answer!
"Yeah, war is the most badass thing you can be apart of..."
These are some daring predictions
That narrows it down...
"Information doesn't matter, his review videos are 1080p with video panning and fade out effects."
but there's that one dude in canada who didn't and he runs a city
Love me some Theo.
hilarious?
"Well it was better informed then you were, so I figured why not."
"The Chosen Ones, but chosen for what."
You're my favorite lurker
#SignHimUpHodgson
"Its said the foam attracts moisture, but I've no proof of this."
Beads?
Doesn't sound like he enjoyed his cars very much.
Be louder.
"Cool, but aside from fixtures in buildings why do we need bendable screens?"
Good to know I'll have a vasectomy by the time this is ready.
Don't you fucking dare not post a goddamn source.
dat bevel
who netanyahu?
Meh.
Placebo is one hellofa drug.
Clearly you've never played an online game before.
Im fully aware; it's still stupid.
"But... but.... being a mom is the hardest, most rewarding job in the world!"
Awesome film.
well not specifically assault bombs.
I lived an incomplete life
hes rly not OP
Oh so *that's* why he's starting a new war!
Pick up artists *hate* him!
"Great line, but I'm not sure the Lost in Translation trailer could have given a more incorrect preview for what that movie is."
"If you really respected her decision, you wouldn't be whining on reddit."
In the off-season MotoGP Riders often do Motocross... so... theres that.
I didn't downvote anything... Only an idiot complains about downvotes.
sprocketsturgeon wrote: Because how else would I make sure that I can spermjack and make false rape claims well into the future?
"he just slammed Palmer, as if there's something 'weird' about wanting to recreate the Titanic"
I wish I could get on that jury.
So you are telling me that Al Qaeda wasn't created over Call of Duty?
What are you talking about 5 dollars is 5x 1 dollar.
"I just am confused that people have these crappy services installed, let alone use them."
"What a wonderful, unbiased title."
"Cool, whatever floats your boat."
Maybe it is stress from worrying about taking care of the new kitten?
"I'm really glad he got Thundercat back on so there's that, and I liked Electric Candyman, The Nightcaller, and Getting There is awesome IMO."
"Don't apologize until you need something, that way there is a chance they might apologize first."
"BUT HE HATES MAGIC AND ANY VARIATION ON THAT THEME SHOULD NOT BE SEEN AS ORIGINAL, BUT AS MISUNDERSTANDING THE JOKE."
why?
"Added, Holy: 4012-4077-6778"
"Well, that kind of friendly and helpful comment certainly adds to the community here."
Why don't they just move to North Korea?
Haha
[](/b26) Man I wish those were available at my supermarket...
seems like a lot of this assumes that there is little to no data integrity or validation of user input before reaching the code mentioned.
"I wonder if ""reverse sexism"" is when people are sexist against men, kinda like ""reverse racism""."
I still feel they should install a handrail on this thing.
"Yeah, 50 and 60 year-olds are known for their youthful outlook and realistic appraisal of their childhood years..."
"But don't worry guys, the GOP just wants you to show ID!"
"I think it looks nice, but as a man I guess my opinion doesn't matter!"
"It's hard to imagine a Corolla being in a crash, but I'll take your word for it"
"Yeah, Carcillo's boarding calls where he gimps himself in the process are way worse than career ending headhunter hits."
"No, nobody has ever thought that before."
"Just to strengthen your argument, the latest USA Today/Gallup poll has Santorum beating Obama 49-46 nationally."
Came here to say this.
"Bullshit, we all live in America!"
Yeah because releasing information to the public about current or recent affairs as well as developing technology totally doesn't compromise our safety and security.
That sounds loads easier than just changing the disc
"Good to see a nice, reasonable and not prejudiced response to an honest question about watching a couple of games of football..."
lol.
ITS PART OF THE SAYING 420YOLO DUMBUTT
Are you suggesting that an aptitude test should need to be passed before allowing a driver to start the car?
THE IRS IS LIKE THE KGB BECAUSE THEY TAKE MY MONEY WITH A GUN TO MY HEAD!
"Yes, just roll over and be violated."
"Yea, but he looks like a hipster so he must get laughed at."
You didnt build that!
"Yes, that would certainly lead to a balanced and reasonable conclusion to the study."
Well at least his meat wouldn't be wasted!
"You'll want a full sized 1911, I'd suggest Ed Brown, and in a nice OWB retention holster to carry condition 1."
"Oh sure, complain that their 500 year future tech is too modern, then complain they shouldn't be able to build mechs."
My internet points!
ME TOO HOLY SHIT
Obviously you only wanted to stay with your dad because he would let you smoke crack and play violent video games.
They have cliffs they can throw the inferior child off of.
"Yeah, this'll end well."
"pretty great, seems super popular in the forest!"
Double the freshness!
"Yes, because you *clearly* need guns to solve that issue."
Yeah openness and only one platform mix very good
SHOCKER!
"Well, until someone comes up with another way to go underwater for 2 minutes, we're pretty much stuck with this, right?"
"Sounds like you need to check your privilege, you typical cissexual misogynistic womyn-hating male pig."
To anyone reading this:
"Oh well, if you say so, then"
"Oh, i am so funny for saying something nobody actually thought of."
"That great spaceship that replaced the shuttle, Soyuz."
No healthcare is free in any society.
That's fucking stupid.
OR THE CHAMPION OF THE ACC
"What are you, a communist?"
4 sentences too long YAWNN
"Yeah, because whining certainly will."
"NO it is cod, therefore it is bad"
"Indeed, they are needed in Pakistan."
Corporations are people too.
"It's not a bug, it's a feature so you can see if you bought the correct item or not."
"Yeah, you can consider them novelty items."
Pretty sure it's getting a buff too
Fucking France.
Don't tell me what I can and can't judge!
I'm pretty sure that other picture was of the North Pole (considering the location the flags).
I LOVE YOU P3
"i have him tagged as ""wat"" because that's my reaction to most of his stuff."
Girl Guide camp... shrinkage?
Same!
"Good luck, the cops have been trying to win that game for a year now."
CNN ran something about black market sells of AK-47s (USSR surplus) a create was going for $400 US.
"No, I don't."
As someone that played before there was a dodge penalty and routinely had 40 min+ queues to wait through all I can say to you is that **YOU ARE A MORON**.
They've mentioned in interviews that both Scott and Emma survive.
You act as if they have some kind of choice in the mater.
"I would have loved to have seen a goal, or some subs to add to the chances, but I completely understand why he didn't"
We are next in line...
There's a few of them.
Ah the Great Place.
"No prob man, we were newbies at one point."
"STILL HERE, BUT FUCKING OFF IF THEY GO FULL RETARD ON BANS AND PICKS AGAIN."
It's not.
"You had to have the last word, last night"
No one has the heart to tell him.
This is the first time I've ever seen this meme
lady has clearly forgotten her duty to be an object first and foremost
"Both sides, right or wrong, often come across as ""Yarble yarble, you are acting like an idiot"""
The big about vaughn made me laugh.
"Again, did you read what you wrote?"
"They definitely have, we used proxies for about 2 years before they caught on."
first time i have seen this
"The overlord who feeds it, massages it, and most importantly, cleans up its shit."
Well for one FLStudio is more of a sequencer than a DAW.
"Alright, I'll try that, thanx :)"
"Cliff hangers, bro."
Too late actually.
"Because the familiarity of a beloved character promotes thier ""sooper-sekret reddit nerd-club""?"
Because all teenagers are dumb/delusional and obviously have no idea how the REAL world works.
I love popular opinion bear.
It cost me 30$ + 42$ shipping.
"Sorry, it's definitely creepy, but it goes against rule 3!"
Very funny orignal definitely not a circlejerk
yeah
Ben AflecK?
FIFU?
SO POWERFUL
So refreshing that someone took a break from the Amanda Todd jerk to return to our regularly scheduled beaten to death potato jokes
No wonder that (FINAL MISSION) [guard in the Big Score shut up and took the gold brick.]
Someone who works very hard?
Confirmed by reddit: Julian Assange is *literally* Hitler.
I hear Seattle has an emerging tech industry.
"Yeah, I also get creeped out when my confused body is turned on by boobs regardless of how young they are."
anecdotal evidence is the best evidence
Does watching games on The Price is Right count at making me a gamer?
Look amazing now.
Actually before that she updated and said everything was fine.
Yeah but he's not a hero.
Please tell me more about how ethics or metaphysics are falsifiable.
"Yes, because he does not care when his explicit prohibitions are violated."
"Yeah, she wasn't even democratically elected 3 times in a row, what a dictator!"
The originality of the jokes on this thread are amazing.
Nah she should just quit overreacting about it.
"The unwilling participation in any activity, sexual or non-sexual."
Oh OK stranger I'll accept that
I won't hold my breath.
"Yes, it must be terribly difficult being different in this day and age; because it's so hard being different, we should totally blame white males!"
"I, too, consider my opinions to be facts and think the people that disagree with me or feel differently only do so because they're stupid."
That guy with the bouncing betty wasn't lucky - he saw you aiming back to throw the knife and blocked it with the BB...kind of a badass if you ask me
"Yeah, Maybe they can cure the gay out of people too.."
Yeah child abuse doesn't happen anywhere else except America.
I applaud you for your originality.
"Yea a legendary MMA fighter with good charisma is a horrible signing, they should have signed a up and comer."
Cheesesteak with raw onions and peppers.
"Yeah, definitely isn't applicable to the military."
Someones got to foot the bill to reward our hardest workers!
That would never happen to a good old Christian ...
Perhaps they could bring back the guillotine and so it's like French revolution all over again.
"Interesting in the way she frames it so that women are never really the victims, it's only the men?"
No no but it was *insulting* an had to be removed.
"yeah but walt is an expert crystal grower, so he was able to do it in a meth lab."
Well it's obviously because of the homosexual agenda!
"silly rabbit, thinks he can just go around free trading willy nilly!"
Yeah any person who enjoys dubstep has no musical taste and should be ignored completely about anything related to music because they're stupid.
"Maybe you could put in pet freeze too, but that might require too much skill"
But this misses the point: The rich own/control *both* political parties *and* the mass media that report on these issues.
"Oooh, a sweater..."
"Because ""snagging a man"" would have fixed all her problems... women are not empowered, after all, to captain their own destinies."
"Someday the carriers will charge us a reasonable amount for data without keeping track of minutes, text messages, tethering or any other arbitrary method they use to rip us off."
"Yeah, cause Jennifer Grahnholm did such a bang up job creating jobs here in Michigan."
That's surprising!
"Great observation, I would have never noticed that without your insight."
"No, that's the chemicals from the dye they added in to make it look fresh."
Because it's funny when women kill men.
Its a good thing glocks are all plastic so a scanner won't pick it up.
TIL ancient aliens deposited whales in the Chilean desert.
also make sure its plugged into the wall and turned on.
"Odd, were they having electrical problems in the area?"
"Keep in mind that nicotine also quells your sense of hunger, take a vape break and see if you're just hungry."
I thoght he was arrested after he failed to capture those one hundred and one puppies again...
I would love to see a source on this.
Stay Classy Tuskibear.
Goddamnit OP.
"I have general and social anxiety disorder as well as clinical depression, and benzos, opiates, and MDMA all destroy my anxiety and make me feel totally sociable, it's nice to not be incredibly awkward and shy all the time :\ also even if I didn't have these issues I'd still do them, feels good man."
man we really have some awesome bands in Australia
"To be honest, that's my suspicion as well"
You play on MTGO or cockatrice?
Can't stand sport in the slightest.
yup
"That's a bit silly - how would making a huge public announcement of one's change from ""Bradley"" to ""Chelsea"" make it likely that people would ever forget that you were once ""Bradley""?"
What was he arrested for
Ugambu!
James Taylor.
That's not the point.
But he had that one bad kick in that one game and we need someone who is 100% perfect on every level right out of the gate.
"At first look, most people would probably do without most of their relationships - except the last, or the ones they really wanted that got away."
Was it pickled?
End of Fuck.
maybe it comes IKEA style w/ some assembly required ;)
"I love me some dragonball z, and i binge-watch because, even though i know whats gunna happen, it always leaves me in suspense for the next episode."
"Or to be more honest, ""Some guy outside the NSA makes that claim."""
"If you want to screw around with someone, you want to pick someone as stable as this one?"
CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER YOUR FADED FLAIR
The Kardashians are one of the few intelligent ones out there!
But guys it was totally Justified because
"Well no smart cop would try to arrest someone who is basically Superman, and can kill you with the power of dubstep."
I live in the US now and miss loonies/toonies.
SKC and RSL have both shown they don't need multiple DPs to be successful and the spending would increase for these teams as well in the future.
"Ok, that was uncalled for."
They aren't playing Texas so it should be ok
"YOU ARE A RACIST, EVIL DEVIL WHITEY!"
"Your dad's name is ""Cool""?"
100% the worst in the history of humanity.
"This is going to get big, I need a good comment... Zlatan is good"
"Nice, a wider backrest for me to lean on!"
Very sexy.
"He's not stating an opinion, he's stating it as fact."
"Glad I didn't open this up for work, you know because of all the ""not safeness""..."
SASSAFRASS!
This is the only caption I will accept for this photo.
Giggity to any semi sexual thing... So cringeworthy...
"Yeah, the Venutre Bros stuff clogs up Google :("
No teaspoon could hold that!
"Okay, but cold fusion is quackery, let's not forget."
What's the EL and subsequent XP for killing a player?
If someone does something to Uga...
"Even China won't put up with North Korea now, I wonder who are they gonna turn for help... Maybe Japan can relive the glory days and colonize North Korea?"
And Cujos to you!
Pulls out knife ... Look up to the skies and see
Like he even benched Ridley after pollard mAde him fumble in the playoffs
And beat the sweet love of Christ into those damn heathens.
Because there's no shorthand for sarcasm on the internet.
"It is always the right time to start drinking, somewhere on the planet."
"Sorting and grouping a list with a thousand elements is actually really hard for a computer to do, some computers can take up to a week to do this, especially consoles because they're not as powerful as PCs"
Obviously you're a monster and should feel guilty about mutilating your poor sons
Should remove the auras altogether.
mmm...insect bukkake vomit...
Fuckin poor ppl amirite?
You mean Attack on Titan and K-On aren't the best anime ever?
look at op being so le random :3
ecblends dragon's tear
I cannot fathom how the Jeff Probst show didn't last more than a single season.
"Mate, you ever been to the US?"
"If they refer to their age and add stuff like, ""And a half"" or ""And three quarters"""
Herp durp it will be funny ruining expensive equipment and having to pay for it.
"Obama's proposal to increase taxes back to pre-Bush levels only on 250k earners would have totally balanced the budget, and as we all know higher taxes help the economy."
But theres no need for them anymore!
Goddamned women oughtta be barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen making me a goddamned pie!
I can get behind it only if the drones are weaponized and capable of delivering pinpoint drops on people drinking large sodas and/or smoking with minimal (&lt;30) bystander casualties.
there's an implied
if you don't like a song that native americans are singing you're racist.
Is that the actress who plays Sansa?
"You don't need front sights when you're spraying those horrible, cop/baby killing, military class bullets."
Self defense is scary and that's what the police are for!
"Yep, it's also definitely the first time they ever did something like that."
Maybe he was taking Smite for lane control.
"True, it is not the centre... It is the center, commie."
Does anybody know if there will be a European release for the 3DS game?
Better go to FreeCreditReport.com!
yeah because getting a constant 60+ fps in gold source games was easy back in the day
But then it's not his fault!
did you let him top you fucking retard?
"I would be, because the fact that smaller breasts are superior to larger breasts is so obvious that there is no argument to be had!"
Yessir.
"Actually it does, my comment caused a temporal warp that changed what you had said in the past."
"Yes, this is exactly what I said."
CORRELATION DOES NOT EQUAL CAUSATION
"Right, because hazing has never been tolerated before."
"It is perfectly natural, why should we be ashamed of our natural body processes."
I bet you're a genius and telepathic.
"Yeah, the back of her head and left arm is suuuuper attractive."
can you get a new GP?
"Yes, because riding drunk was exactly what he was implying."
Too bad it's scratched up.
"Not only that, also you have to be an Arabic native speaker to get the ""correct"" meaning."
Battery life on today's phones suck?
anything i don't understand isn't art
"Well isn't this new and exciting, we have never seen this posted before."
Patriarchy made them do it.
They are released into local streams and ponds.
I am not convinced!
"Ya, I'm totally ganna do that, thanks!"
Quit being an asshole!
Now that's the spirit!
ZE GOGGLES DO NOTHING :c
Tell me how the fuck you snuck this one.
Where do you think they get all of those pink flags?
Message as many girls on this sub you can find and ask for their kik over and over.
This will hurt those attempting to become first time buyers.
The military considers it their annual budget.
"I feel ya, same with me and my fundamentalist Christian parents."
Stop triggering me with your being triggered!
I think many American Jews share you sentiment.
I abandoned a pay pal account that had a positive balance of about $100 just because I was tired of fucking with those people.
"I wasn't, but I may start now after being lost long enough."
I imagine that certain wikki pages like this one will be filtered as part of the new porn filter in the UK 'for the children'
or Farmville alt accounts *shudder*
Flockavelli or Life After Death Both long fun albums that never get old.
Down.
Good old Keith Vadge.
"Yeah, megathreads are the worst."
Yeah us gamers are literally persecuted
Huh?
Detroit.. $10.00 can get you a house and a meal
Yet the bible says they are
Idiot.
Illinois... the long way... nothing but corn for hours and hours and hours
"Are we saying that the OP believes in mermaids, or that the OP believes in general, but happens to be in the general vicinity of mermaids?"
Is he killing a duck?
Tell your mom to buy you an xbox or you'll run away.
"Stores run out of games all the time, what planet are you from."
Replace it with a toaster and you are good to go!.
Likely because they have a different opinion of Katy Perry than you do.
Omg you gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Clearly the attackers knew the origin of pizza.
It appears you also refuse to pander to reality.
I like mine too.
"Well, I'm sure that phone call or text that they are working on is very important, and shame on you for judging them."
I guess Lord Hood didn't send him an invitation.
DAE imagine hearing a little bicycle bell when looking at this?
They only conscript men.
what do you mean everyone knows that the safest thing to do with your private popular game client is to give the source code to an unreliable developer in china.
"Scumbag Ted, says his reviews are excellent in the show, only gets a 3 overall IRL."
Why are you spending 9 fucking grand on a car from 1995?
But he was adopted and raised by humans...he's one of us now!
Only noobs bring logic to a conversation about girls in bikinis.
the same button is used for Floodlights on cars aswell according to IGN
Yeh tell the people in Chicago that were killed by gang bangers that the super strict gun ban didn't kill them
Bastion for quake 4?
"Ah, makes sense why Spain is hot, they use wind energy in certain regions..."
I'm glad you think condescension over a reasonable discussion is appropriate
But then minorities might vote!
"I feel like this would really blur the lines between what would count as ""real"" and ""fake""."
Looking forward to Bullasaurus or Bulbasaur mascot renaming
"Yes, because simple nudity always leads to slutdom, right?"
"63, could have taken early retirement in the States."
"I don't know why you guys are hating, clearly this giraffe is just big boned."
If you entrusted your fate to Jesus he would've restored your eyesight long ago.
JUST ADMIT IT YOU HATE FAT PEOPLE OMG YOU FAT SHAMER
[The final heist on single player felt like this ]
"Me too, what gives with that?"
Nope not possible
"Just get an ih8mud sticker, it increases HP by about 7%."
Sometimes it takes a while for a flaw to come out.
"Wait, are you trying to tell me that Belgium isn't a city in France?"
I am not worthy.
well they did have three other infants
Two people didn't see this as so :/
She really does deserve half of it...along with large weekly payments of course.
"Fuck it, let's just throw him in the ocean."
"My gym's receptionist told me to have a good workout and I replied, 'you too'."
That's because if you have a gun on your hip all the other rights take care of themselves!
Then you can break traction more easily and drift better!
ITT: Still lots of misinformed people.... *sigh*
"oh right, they're HD radio waves."
"Yeah dude, how could you fuck up something so pedantic?"
Seriously I'd rather see more rage messages
Hilarious
"Just because you don't know them doesn't mean you don't have children, Jamal."
I'm sure adding a source of private handgun ownership to the drug gangs of London equation would reduce violence.
The first time that has been properly said in a while.
Their art is just 3deep5u.
"But haven't you heard, it slows down the game!"
"did you hear, they're going to fix the spit bridge?"
"They kill every criminal, but when you live in a perfect society, there is no need to commit a crime."
You must be at the wrong bar.
This would've never happened if only licensed and trained lumberjacks were allowed to have saws.
You mean individual anecdotes are not sufficient evidence to counter significant statistical data?
"Yeah, the cops aren't what they were in 1963."
"I'm a gamer, I switched to Windows 8."
"CHECK YOUR ABLE BODIED PRIVILEGE, SCUM!"
You are rewarding the people who never exercise and win all the time
OH MY GOD ITS A PENIS THAT'S SO FUNNY
you forgot
Give up or become too confused that it erodes enthusiasm (which they've succeeded at in many ways).
"But, but, going that fast is dangerous!"
"Na, I'm not really capable of thinking like that, so let's just call it Jesus."
"Ride the dragon toward the crimson eye Flap the wings under Mars red sky The reptile pushes itself out into space Leaving behind, the human race Awesome shirt man."
wAR?
"Babby, etc."
What a bunch of betas.
Really?
on *reddit*?
Or the intentionally removed them because as we all know the patriarchy is to blame for everything.
"You now have ""You can dooooo what you wanna dooooo"" ringing in your head for the next hour."
hmm ban hammer.
"Thanks for outlining the last post, wouldn't have seen it and gotten the joke if you hadn't."
"Oh look a gun, the owner must be a career criminal with a long record; I doubt very much that they just want to protect themselves since the gun laws in NYC are 100% effective at stopping gun crime."
"Yeah, Apple's product strategies are all about ""the next fiscal quarter""."
*flying carpets* I knew he was a Muslim.
Because there is nothing worse than illegal immigrants
"For the sake of International brotherhood and peace, snipers should shoot the guy in the head before he hurts our beloved torch."
"TIL Dupuis was a stud when he played in the Q, he had over 100 points in his final year!"
"Suburbs man, gotta keep yourself entertained."
"Last weeks ""fresh"" sushi, all you can eat clearance sale for $14!"
But with motorcycles you can't use your fully upgraded Adder to ram people as hard as you can!
"wow, must be so hard supporting the most successful nba franchise ever"
-The Government
brick is a dumbiehead
ROB FORD IS THE BEST MAYOR THAT HAS EVER EXISTED IN THE HISTORY OF EVER!
What do you consider a small sub?
[*I'm believing***That God wants to bless me with a 4.0 gpa**](//#osteen)
Full fucking retard.
Could just buy a 770 4GB or do what I would do and wait till October for the Radeon 9000 series which come with Battlefield 4 for free as well :)
They were talking about Kaesong on NPR earlier how things were still 'operating normally'
"Does a fat hobo, passed out on the Baker Street tube station count?"
the getting shot in a letterbox is fake
It's the same picture 3 times why not just have the picture once?
"No, the rule change was that they would be shooting fouls last year, now they're just like a reach in foul or something so they don't take you to the line, but when the other team is in the penalty it sucks because he'll still get the free throws."
"Yes, all human with all the baggage all of us have and the mixed set of tools we have to work with and achieve, or fail, professionally and personal."
October 19th *in here*
Don't forget the kick ass opening theme
What are you talking about?
"Don't underestimate Wisconsinites ability to pull themselves back up, apologize for falling in front of Walker's bus and ask if they can help him."
"Come for the memes, stay for the braaaaaaaiiiiiins!"
I don't really care about GMO labels.
"Climate change isn't real guys, and it's not our fault, it's the sun and everything else."
TIL The guy that did Homer's voice also did the Genie in the 2nd movie.
I'd be so tempted to paint it
"The way you wrote about it in your initial comment made it sound like it was an interesting theory because there may be some truth to it, but there isn't."
No penalty?
Verified!
repost
"Being black, it just shows absolutely everything, although the back end of the car does tend to pick up a lot of dirt too, especially if you drive away from a car wash while it's still a little wet."
"Well an era is defined as a significant period of time, so good or bad they believed the 21st kicks it all off."
You're vastly underestimating the toll one NBA game takes on your body.
YouTube comments are the worst thing on the Internet.
Hammerzeit!
Yeah your eyes get tired from being pressed against binoculars for too long
"It's called OCD, dumbass."
"Because we have so many companies, so few dropped calls, and cheap rates right now, right?"
Poor people shouldn't be allowed to have fun.
Cause the tenth doctor is better than the eleventh.
"That was the deal-breaker, she most probably noticed it and thought there was no way she could be seen kissing a peasant like yourself."
"Okay, a little more understandable now that I know some details."
Needs more prancing and holding daggers in his teeth.
"4 years into it, and I have yet to go back."
"Just what texass needs, another bush fucking up the state for the next 10-20 years."
taking names and cashing checks
"Man, I hate it when capitalism produces broadly successful businesses"
Fluorescent lamps have a filament for starting at each end.
Yes because the publishers really care about that.
I hope the people commenting are pointing out how disgusting that is and not asking for prices.
Lifegain OP.
along the same lines as above: [Pick the Expensive Gunman]
"Because your best hitter always has to hit 4th, duhhhhhhhhhhhh"
New Londo or the sounds of giant skeletons moving in the total darkness of the tomb of giants.
Kid Cudi - KidCudi - Kiudi - Kudi
All you can eat sushi for 18 bucks sounds terrible.
Relevant comment above.
Exposed.
I'd like a little more swing dance music.
Or equalism.
Ya because I am arguing legality.
"If you're old enough to remember that, you're too old to drive!"
"Maybe if they were playing with paintball guns, but real guns is just wrong"
"In one study, 65% of the respondents that were classified as rape victims didn't think they were."
"Dude, just because they have bigger balls than you going around using their brake calipers to stop, running on tyres with no tread in the snow and crabing across the road every hundred feet doesn't make them idiots."
I have a pink one!
"Hey man, ease up on Hitler, what did he ever do to you?"
"I wish there was a 'cold' resistance for Southern Shelf Bay, so I can play out on the water... damage is probably calculated differently for 'inanimate objects'"
For such a talented woman to *not* pass on her genes is a shameful example of selfishness!
"yea, who knows what will happen, it's not like there are patterns or anything"
"Welp, that's all the prove I need."
"That ""our woman"" part means he and his nigga friends keep a woman in their basement."
Stanford didn't win any championships and they literally had Luck
This is terrible and you should feel bad.
"Im thinking that the ""new engine"" frostbite engine is that they change the blue filter to a yellow one"
"Come on dude, they give you a 25% discount!"
Because he's white.
"In their defense, they also do a shit job of staffing everyone else."
"Wow, I bet your friend isn't going to fucking regret this."
Shocking.
"You mean ""best"" culture, no?"
sounds like a hilarious show.
Wow... this is really amazing.
One time she wore her hair up for a guy and he didn't even notice.
No that's racist.
But what about the man making her do it that they didn't catch?
I should have added
Shoot where you want the bullets to go.
You mean domestic empowerment.
Boy are you funny
"right, because all judges are paid off and the entire justice system is corrupt."
HIRE HIM TWICE.
"No, that is terrible; I believe a government should not force anything on anyone."
Thank you for that well thought out and helpful answer.
But I thought students only perform when their teachers are threatened with bad ratings and/or unemployment.
Because only women can represent women
I'm sure this is the #1 thing on his mind the weekend of his wedding.
"The memes I could do without, but DON'T QUESTION THE CAT PHOTOS."
Not WTF ...
"Because women shouldnt have rights, rights are what men have!"
and Katy Perry
"Let's fucking milk this shit before it gets old, guys."
Its all dat weed
I'm getting massive lag on priority key entry
But it's good reporting.
How will they convince you to buy microtransactions if you're offline?
Maybe you should get a job yah bum!
He was only trying to save them so he could molest them later.
"Oh man, story of my life"
"Yeah, calling a Gameboy a Nintendo is as dumb as calling a Wii a Nintendo."
"Yeah, because killing Arabs is still ok."
This is definitely a call for more restrictions on guns.
I like to imagine that one day everyone who uses facebook religiously will be hunted down and viciously eviscerated by pack animals.
I didn't know that black people are the only type of non-white people.
"So CHECKMATE, ATHEISTS!"
This is not true because it is not reported by MSM
"Can't tell if serious, or archaeolagnic."
You sound like a cool and totally reasonable guy
"If you're going to troll, try to be a little less subtle about it, why don't you?"
Very insightful comment
That's where mama keeps the cookie jar.
All they are missing is the girl on page 3
Your argument against investing in energy is that we might use that energy inefficiently?
He's a well known DJ in NYC on Z100 (pop station)
What?
There is something oddly appealing about those little kiosk style shops.
Its a Christmas Miracle!
I'd terrifidely die right there.
But a good end for a totally worn out one.
Idiots are found everywhere.
No thanks.
I thought Game Freak comfirmed that there will be no customization in it
There's no crying in baseball.
Voldemort randomly dissolving totally made for a dramatic ending to a series
So you're telling me there is a chance!
"I thought that a tank was a penis substitute, but you've got real inadequacy issues when your penis substitute needs a penis substitute of its own."
Swing that purse teabagger.
I don't really see anything that makes me think he might be gay.
Sploosh.
"If they must ""rise"" like a proper prick,then fuck them."
Downvotes everywhere lol
Thats the joke... I was being
"To be fair though, that time he only didn't land because he hit a button accidentally which actually is easy enough to avoid."
Geez op he just wants to be your friend!
What a badass!
The fuck you on about?
i'm sure that has a very reasonable depth of field when wide open.
I know you are kidding but she's really not *that* bad for a 3rd story faceplant on concrete.
you fucking wish Hoddle
"That and ""stop jerking yourself off at the end...she gets paid more, let her earn it""."
I thought everyone had common sense.
What about superman with the sword of superman?
"And in other news, it appears as though the Zodiac Killer could possibly have been Barack Obama."
"I'm Canadian, and I bork things all the time - I think bork is a Canadianism."
The clippers
Can't wait for a Walgreen's to be built there!
or IP Man.
"Has beta key and ""Wants beta key"" as far as I can tell."
"Ummm....dont you know that the more the champ cost, the more OP he is?"
GIFs rarely scare me like that.
"You should remind him of ""separate but equal"" and Plessy v. Fergusson."
What is a fartboner?
r/whyisthereapotatoinmybutt
Played?
I think Idaho would be a fine choice for Magpul.
Ey bby u wnt sum fuk?
Mineral spirits is a solvent
I'd love to see a shot with your straps spread open and your case back in the air.
*reddit FTFY
its totally the car and not the driver
Too bad he can't replace Jarrett Jack's production.
"Yeah, clearly no Americans ever banter"
Ummm obiously it's like 2 more than 1... duh...
Looks like you were the first one
What?
TIL tumblr likes Doctor Who.
We in the DotA 2 community see that as a reason to tar and feather him.
TIL Germany has less corporate regulation than the US
"Facts don't real, shitlord."
"Yeah, because we've all seen how the well the developers have taken advantage of the extra power in the the PS3"
Haven't you learned the truth from reddit that every girl ever wants the D.
Watching sakura those 5 seconds she has left until the poison kicks in for about 10 episodes
It's a lot easier to deal with people when they fit in neat little boxes.
They're just mad that people think there are good Catholics out there.
There **should** be something in the App Store Guidelines about this.
That must explain all those folks we're holding at Gitmo without a trial
Because joking about rape is always something fun to do?
"Yeah, because ""evolutionary psychology"" is a hard science and that's a fair comparison."
Now we will get some answers.
"We should make the matches a Two Day International, but only 50 overs max."
I bet the guy who drives that truck has a massive penis.
Wow 3D printers are getting even better
said the smelly french boy
"Dammit Switzerland, you're not the world police, we are!"
If only the two of them carried guns.
But the poor cops are under *so much stress*!
That source isn't biased at all.
The wintergreen ones are kind of delicious...
"Yeah, you're right we would have much rather drawn Chelsea."
This joke never gets old.
"To be fair, the drones are firing missiles from within the border of whatever country they're terrorizing."
That sounds like a really fun way to play the game
"It was God's will, duh!"
But he runs fast and can't help it
Don't you know that if it's not super complicated and mind-blowing it doesn't sound good at all?
"No, you see, if we don't force people to hire the qualified teachers, they will intentionally seek out the bad ones, duh."
"Good, I'm glad everyone is in agreement now."
"Parking spaces aren't really ""required places to park"" so much as they are suggestions on where to park."
It's actually a new kind of lock where you put a special code on a USB drive and that's what unlocks the cable.
Good guy boss: Sees you are working too hard so makes it impossible to work
Thank you reddit for being my only source of celebrity news and gossip!
Hollywood is known for their original ideas.
You're so 2000 and late saw this on 9gag last week
Just a few bad apples.
"Yes, apple has a history of opening their hardware to unlicensed use."
Cut The Rope The Pinball Arcade + 2 tables
"It's genetic, I swear!"
you too have otterbox?
You don't have 4 bucks?
[WS] That's a big part of why we switched it from the omoplata to the cross armbreaker.
Lord knows our pass rush needs the help.
Sure you have the right subreddit?
"Yes, there is - it's about the same sugar/fructose content as a Coke."
"I like how he shopped himself in front of a motorcycle, like being in the presence of a motorcycle is so exotic."
"I would gay marry the shit out of George Bush... Kill Cheney before i get shot in the face, and bang Hilary by process of elimination"
"File this under ""YT features no one will use""."
Can't unsee.
"My cousin, that skank!"
I just remember what I have...
"I know people who wouldn't know what ""aggregate"" or ""threaded comments"" mean."
It's like ghosting didn't cross your mind at all.
"He has an owl, so...."
"Give us enough money to do it, maybe?"
Check what subreddit you're in.
"Yes, but it doesn't involve shaming women or scaring teens, so it doesn't count."
Or walk/run through some walls with the probably of success increasing with your speed but it is never certain.
I remember reading that in his book.
"Okay guys, we can stop now, OP said he was there, so he must be telling the truth."
your sister looks like a fucking retard
At least one mod is gone.
I feel like I am going to be attending a trial soon....
Cheers!
"US is OP, there's the proof."
Can you compress this JPEG some more?
"Everything that has a beginning, has an....never mind."
"No, because female sexuality is precious and sacred."
The Christmas spirit is strong in this one
"Mobs riding mobs are *such* lame jokes, aren't they?"
"...He never said anything about them riding Harleys, now did he?"
You didn't miss a great deal; season 4 was more or less the point where they ran out of ideas.
thanks!
"That's the problem with our ""democracy"", no possibility to get the fucker out."
Maybe he forgot
I'm certainly not going to discount the possibility...
Business batman is all business.
thats just sad :(((
"Of course they do, but when some religious nut bombs an abortion clinic, performs an honour killing or flies a plane into a building then it has nothing to do with their religion."
B-b-b-but FEMA camps!
No you cant not not hit a mine on the first shot
"Erm, because feels?"
"Yes, and the Christians who wear those What Would Jesus Do bracelets all think of themselves as Jesus as well."
"oh no, I understood, I just think that's a hilarious suggestion."
He's being sarcastic.
"Yeah, reddit loves hating on that show but I think it's pretty fun."
"Well then, sure."
"SCCM, vCenter, Lync 2013"
"Yeah, and she got raped because she was wearing that dress, too."
"Yeah, I can't believe that UNC was actually favored."
"Yeah, what an asshole."
See my reply to Geschan's comment just above yours.
So amazing to learn that carnivorous animals will eat flesh.
"Dont think of them a slaves, they are ""Freedom workers"""
Growing to?
Because it's normalising the vile and reprehensible narrative that a girl doesn't owe her boyfriend sex.
Gotta spend money to save money.
"Wait, so should I be shooting at 720p on the t3i?"
Hopefully we'll buy another CDM instead of a CB this year and that will fix our problems.
It's silly because they can treat you like crap for free.
"If the Hipoint would have fallen apart, less lives would have been taken."
yea nice job!
"But dude, edgy is sooo funny"
Should've used the
you made it real obvious
"This only makes sense if you don't apply logic, stop doing that."
"No, I'm on an island, we have limited internet lol maybe not 3.7mbps but close"
boomdingaling!
Super glad that I got excited about new Pokemon news.
"Bartenders also call a bottle opener a ""bar key""."
But... but that's for losers!
"Tried and realized they were a bunch of soulless, lazy, potato-eating drunkards."
"Oh thank god, it would have been difficult for him to talk."
What really stinks about these guards getting caught is that they have been warned over and over again about abusing prisoners in view of the cameras.
Your logic is flawless
lol I have that.
Strange.. it's not blue :o
"If you click my second link, you'll see he stated his intentions very clearly on Meet The Press last Sunday."
"Nope, the people hating on someone who's harmless and an easy target give America a bad name."
"If we can make a chainsaw that runs on wood, the energy crisis would be over!"
Because that other guy was a much better choice.
"They always looked like they'd have enough room to stuff a dead hooker up front and still be comfy, but I'm assuming the exterior of a vic is misleading."
They're just jealous of my obviously leet skillz.
In what world do you live in where having 200 dollars saved up proves you're able to live on your own?
Give it back!
"Tormund would say they found their ""manhood"""
Honestly it's will power and quitting cold turkey.
Fundamentals of engineering exam.
"Great, you've reduced his story down to a cheap bumper sticker for karma."
"I am in the same boat my friend, by the time I take my phone out to read Reddit I already finished."
"American here, I don't care how you spell it ... only that the 'Murican way is correct"
Fox News viewers will.
Too soon!
Dat dynamic range.
The government making you pay for a freely available and limitless resource on your own property is capitalism?
"much more difficult to make, set up, and detonate a bomb than it is to walk into a public space and shoot people."
The problem is politicians redraw district lines to ensure their own re-elections.
It was taken just outside Waterloo station to be fair however I do see the point you're trying to make.
Are you a cop?
How about another first round pick?
it's sad half these comments below dont understand the post.
"C'mon, this is worth your future."
I just love how it is still so relavant...even over 10 years later.
*splash*
"for Reggie Bush you need to get a WR1 who is producing right now as a WR1; Dez, Cruz, Marshall, Welker, etc."
Maybe we have evolved a stronger control over our muscles which control movement whilst we haven't for stress sounds or maybe since we identify the sound we dont react that much.
Giant checks like any other big event/lottery LDO.
Spy-duh!
This is a serious thing because you are setting an example.
"Destruction, Illusion and Conjuration."
The karma you missed out on
You could have used a stomping grounds.
And the legislation takes laissez-faire to a whole new level.
It's a muppetish thing turning to look at the screen ^^or ^^is ^^it?
"Don't be ridiculous, *modern* programmers wrap their serialised Java objects in JSON..."
"Laidtex (TM), a new fragrance from Axe/Lynx"
It's almost like it's a movie or something.
Ah let the normal pickup truck circle jerk begin.
it is actually just strange parts for the stranges you don't have now.
At least you got to see 'John from Cincinnati'
Are.... are you female and you don't know what used tampons look like?
I don't really think you understand what opinion means.
Is that OP?
It's almost as if some teachers actually do know how to teach!
"A guy with a gun in his pants in San Jose is normal, anyhow."
"To any of you who actually believe that creationism is an accepted and frequently taught viewpoint in churches because you're too narrow-minded and caught up in the liberal form of learning that involves; ""X (Government, media, celebrities, etc) said Y is this so that makes Y what X said"" Go evolve into a more intelligent being."
"Hey unpopular opinion, but maybe Utah is pretty good I guess?"
"Absolutely, his achievements in each individual code are almost enough!"
"Except it's not alcohol, it's the blood of Christ"
That would be racist.
"Would like to see how people would react if the sexes were reversed, but we live in a patriarchy so it is okay"
It's a good thing the WWE always gives things to people who deserve it and bust their asses for the company then.
What rules am I making up?
"but but..she did them herself, so that's like, original and so edgy!"
But it's still a virus!
"Wow, I totally didn't see that coming"
"They just keep having a rough time, perhaps they should invest a little more in safety testing."
Not in California
"Only Christians can criticize Christianity, its so simple guys."
What are you trying to say...
the team of the two interviewed guys didn't make it to the group stage in a previous tournament.
Yeah it's been a nightmare for us.
He was totally right about Joker....
"Don't worry, Wizards of the Coast just released Modern Masters to make it easier to get into that format"
"Yeah, I'm sure her and her gay hairdressing husband have their evil plan against all the menz figured out to a tee, glad we've got you to warn us about these heinous evils."
Yes... because those T3 Cruisers balanced EVERYTHING.
"Ya, why can't they be like us intellectual redditors?"
"You will be missed, Randy."
"Seriously, what a quitter"
"But all the people who crash and are injured/killed when you deploy spike strips against them, those people deserve it right?"
It would be the perfect plot for season 8!
He's into bdsm too if that's your thing
"Brah just move to section 8 housing and live with 4 other room mates stop complaining this is America, the greatest nation"
"Yeah, the internet is totally going to do this."
10k here 10k there before long you're talking about real money.
Wait I thought the seahawks invented the 12th man.
"I read through that, then started seeing all the facts as TILs and downvoted them all."
*shhhh* you're not being open minded enough for reddit
"Vanguard Bandits for PS and Magician Lord for Neo*Geo (also on PSN) Bother great games imo, that are rarely ever mentioned or brought up nowadays."
My grandmother calls black people 'niggers'
The obvious solution here is to use a better laser (eye-safety be damned).
"No worries Ehnsaji, we're here to play cricket anyway."
OH BOY ANOTHER REFERENCE I TOTALLY UNDERSTAND
Chief Keef
Nothing like church to autofilter those with the most pent up sexual frustration
"scroll to the bottom, I put graphics only that doesnt have any of the armors and what not, its just my graphics mods"
Thank you for your erudite contribution.
So is eugenics the answer?
"Oh good, another two WASPs for office."
""
"as long as its a govt that does the killing, its fine by me!"
"What a healthy, creative and friendly environment for children to develop their minds and self-improve!"
Still the funniest thing on SNL...
Don't be bad - Best advice for all new players
Why else are you on Reddit?
Wages are higher because everything in australia is trying to kill you
I guess in the finished game it will do something!
i think you doubled a word you
Thats all a pile of **shit**
I feel like I have learned too much today about fetishes
"Yeah, but the ones they own are open 24/7."
"I don't know the time, sorry."
"nah, i had checked only 23.7 years ago and it was still broken."
"I am not a marxist, I live in Canada and whatever you think I am trying to win has already been won here."
"Bigger screen/variety of sizes, physical keyboard, LTE."
That won't be a problem as soon as we abolish net neutrality.
RTFA
If this was a story about a woman suddenly sticking her finger up a mans hoop because she misunderstood how a butthole works I am sure there would be a similar reaction :)
Is that what happened to his hair?
lol
He's not an actual superhero so much as an ad campaign for Combo snacks.
I never said it was malicious; I'm just pointing out the flaw in your reasoning.
"actually it's not, the picture is dota related obviously since it's CM."
What texture pack is this?
Islam did not inherit the mantle of Christianity.
Oh... I'm in row 2.
"I think OP's point is that gimmicky new things, while not necessarily bad in themselves, should not be wedged in at the expense of getting the basics right."
"If firaxis can find speakers of ancient Assyrian and Aztec for civ v, surely Hi-rez can get their hands on a Chinese person."
So privacy for little girls don't exist in your world?
"No, because he's not criticizing scrolling itself."
I won't report you if you give me a key
Imgur needs us but we don't need Imgur.
.....Congressional medal of trolling ?
you are absolutely right i spend as much time going over word usage and spelling in an online forum talking to strangers as i do on my resume.
"Oh, Banndit, you are the *living end*!"
"Wait, I thought the party line was something like: If they do that then they are not REAL Christians."
Then move insurance away from employment toward individual and make it more like term life insurance.
Male privilege
"Akali's not bad because of her shroud, I'd put her mid tier in terms of 1v2"
Cowboys are land pirates.
"Tell them I'm Mormon, close the door, and realize that's going to be me in a few short months."
Shantae Risky's Revenge
They looked at the pictures.
So Ghanian-African-American.
Your baby sounds like an asshole!
unless it's pee or he spit in it!
Cocaine.
That's quite a strong opinion.
"This right here is why I hate most Reddit users, this ad is supporting the website you love so much but all you do is bitch."
think of the handjobs you'd give!
Thank you CUNT-THRUSTING!
"Yes, because everyone has a phone with wifi capability."
oh yea their vegan selection is superb
Uribe is still beasting 8 yrs later
Who reads titles!
"Meh, stopping a player from taunting is the responsibility of the opponent."
He missed making the point about how feminism is helping men too.
This doesn't seem like a military coup *at all*...
"But our may-mays, they listen to our may-mays."
"Not fair, you forgot the third thing they are doing to make it all better, removing child labor laws."
"and around her arms and legs, with chain wrapped around her body.. All we'd need are a couple condoms and a plastic bag for disposal."
she must be balling her eyes out.
Then give up
"yeah its not like Hitler tried to outright overthrow the government all at once.....its not like he published a book outlining the building of a dictatorship and advocating persecution of minorities while he was in prison for a failed violent coup...... yup, just like obama."
"Aww, I thought you were serious until you said you were kidding"
"Yes, because I'm sure there are heaps of those."
"Well duh, he didn't even know how to spell dentist!"
You'd catch more if you used high end pensions.
Context?
Yes because all white people were racist.
[I felt bad when I won Whiterun as a Stormcloak; Jarl Balgruuf The Greater really makes you feel bad when you best him. ]
I had to quit when the live band started
This is definitely downvote worthy.
"Guys can't be raped, they should be grateful for any sex they get."
After watching that mermaid spoof on Animal planet I have deemed this proof that apes evolved into mermaids.
Guise John Terry is white and English but since Suarez is foreign the FA treated him unfairly
I think he means the shadows on their forehead.
I for one will boycott KH and all SE games for supporting M$ Xbone.
Eshays bruz!
"All them damn illegal immigrants, go home."
Well this is new information.
Being a guy is such a 21^st century choice.
"I, too, hate people who wish to make a positive impact on the world and a family, I will downvote this man accordingly."
Let us all of a moment of silence for those poor bourgeois reactionaries and counterrevolutionaries that Stalin *brutally* oppressed...
"I'm sure France, GB, and the USA are doing all this to make the world a happier place for everyone to live in."
"Oh yes, because manipulating the memory and feelings of a lost loved-one for profit is fine as long as you make them feel good..."
Maybe even slow-motion!
This works well when you have Type A managers and Type B employees...
Are you an Alyoshav bot?
"What am I, a *nerd*?"
"Yeah, cuz only only black people think you are a loser."
"Nah, every girl is the same and they all like the same things."
I'm *shocked* that now that there's no chance of a Conservative being the Republican nominee they just fold up their table and leave.
All the way down.
"They had to make sure it wasn't the guy, I mean really sure.."
"But, but... but Russo thought it was a genius idea and there were FIFTEEN other people who thought the same!"
"We are better then them as we are taught to turn the other cheek, that's why it's ok to kill them."
the negative karma people are the BEST
The thing is that this footage will most likely not seen by a majority of Americans.
"I dunno, he seems legit."
I especially like the plastic feathers on the shoulders
Because men are obviously ALWAYS aroused when they have an erection.
That's why you bury them out back!
There's been absolutely nothing of note for them to report on recently
"G'day, old bean."
"that's the problem though, people are all ""i figured they've been doing this for years"" and are ok with it"
a decentralized facebook running on people's computers so that people can keep their private data.
you obviously dont read as many threads as I do
CONGRATUFUCKINGLATIONS
What's your fucking problem if I do get to?
"I felt like if I were to take this to any of the apple stores I have been to they would ask my why I own a Zune, if they even noticed me."
Are you saying verified and scientific studies that PROVE what I I'm saying is right is not PROOF?
"The race probably uses a ton less fuel that it took for 200,000 people to drive there."
"And, just like when you left, still no stealth rework yet."
but we are talking about detroit here...
Ill allow it
Friendship and murder is magical.
I'll start working on that right away.
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
"Well, I'm also trying to change that too, but I'm a bit of a neophyte compared to the rest of the mods."
"Yup, just you."
I'm fairly certain that being a Raiders fan is synonymous with having a criminal record.
I think that's fairly obvious given who they give it to.
I get free extras easier :3 Besides nurgle and tzeentch dont mind miscasts
HEY EVERYONE THIS GUY GETS IT
"You don't have cats or dogs, do you?"
3:05 oh god stop that
"That's why I vote for the NDP, they offer an alternative..."
Show me your tits
We were just better than the Cowboys today What a dick.
"Really good, she smells nice and is a good hugger :) I should have gone for the kiss, however"
Maybe it will instill a strong ~~work ethic~~ desire to make themselves wealthy.
"The Sun is better, it even gives the moon its light"
Because it worked out so well for those guys.
He was letting it hang and the toilet just pulls it out of his ass... you just don't have the skill and style he does.
The piece of paper is only worth what you put into it and what you can prove you are able to do.
Yeah he did a great job of taking it too
Does anyone else think this is tacky as shit?
"No bro, this is real lyfe"
huh
I dislike those casters.
I didn't do it.
I ENJOYED THIS VIDEO REGARDLESS OF ITS INTENT.
Yup starve the beast has been a great ideal for our country
and no one loves blockbuster
"Yeah guys, this doesn't get posted enough!"
I usually find those movies hacky but I can give that one credit for legit jump-scares and a good job keeping the story together.
"I don't know, I found his economic theories quite applicable to government policy."
He already said he *doesn't* have a deep shrink issue.
"After all, if they are not hiding something, what do they have to fear?"
Totally the same as MSNBC!
"I'd say Jack Russell and some other breed, but dominate is the Jack Russell part."
You drive pretty well for an Asian.
"Naturally, the US was founded as a Christian country, breaking away from the heathen and secular British."
"Uther the lightbringer warcraft series, I'm a suckerfor the cliche honor duty respect characters."
"I should add, there's also nothing like a nice customer who makes it easy to say ""Not our problem, but here's some freebies anyway."""
Pretty much the only feature I miss from my old BlackBerry.
Yeah the helicopter dick is always a real creative one
Thank you :) I spent a lot of time putting this together
Dont tell me you bought an alienware haha
that whole combination of church and state is really working well for Egypt right now.
I call bullshit.
"Yeah, everybody knows men have no standards and will fuck literally anybody that shows interest."
"It's all just a bet with Luiz, whoever has the least fans wearing a mask or afro, JT sleeps with his missus"
It also ruins the game with that fat stack of souls
They just don't want to spoil it for you.
"Yeah but you forget, Judaism = Good, Islam = Bad."
"Oh yeah, you fit very well in the ""not-asshole"" department."
"You're right, what ever was I thinking."
"True, but that doesn't discount the fact that all these stories are from Florida."
It seems that it would be a lot of the GOVERNMENT that would be killed.
"What more can you expect from a Russian Commie Professor of ""Sciences"" Jew?"
"Yes, but are you a mod?"
flannel shirts and combat boots right that's what being a lesbian is right?
Sorry I forgot Occupy owns all the rights to that term and the concept associated with it.
Because I don't believe it's a very far stretch to equate hate speech with violent incitement which is already illegal.
Wasn't even worth me stealing it... Lol
As a white male I can totally confirm the disenfranchisement bit... why the other day a black guy had the nerve to make eye contact with me!
how do we know someone on youtube didnt think of it first?
"You're not doing it right, if that's the case."
Hate speech is speech that is a little too free.
"My senator is on the list, how shocking."
Enough with the misty cosplay (Fixed) shit.
"Yeah, Melo really matured...."
whos Leo?
"Aw come on, not even a celebratory gun for the GOP win?"
Good thing there is no way you can change something that is in the constitution.
"I think that all this realignment, is secretly just about the money..."
Ah another incite-full and detailed story from ign
"Yeah, its not like China has a reputation for this kind of thing."
Ohio is lovely this time of year.
A cold shoulder is a kind of attack.
"So, none?"
that must be one of them' third world countries he's talking about
The American ideal of an alien coming to do all the heavy lifting?
But but religion of peace!
"Fuck you for coming in here with your ""accuracy"" and ""facts"" and ruining a great headline!"
you forgot the
"We will never fight again, we learned from our mistakes and wont let history repeat itself."
"Yes but as long as he prays to Jesus while he harms the children and elderly, then he's forgiven and can keep enjoying his money."
Thanks for bringing a litter of deaf animals into the world.
But won't somebody think of the children?
Firefox should hit that by the end of the year.
That's helpful.
Because they're black and black people steal things.
"Must buy new Madden game every year....need updated rosters, graphic enhancements, and an IMPROVED HIT STICK"
MtGox thanks for taking so long with my wire transfer
I'd rather have Wilson and Carvel than Sanchez and Lynch...
Looks like OP is literate enough to read the image but not read the reddiquette.
Obligatory flyover state comment
Agent of the Fates.
But who would be a regular old employee if co-ops and self employment were an option... wait how am I supposed to word that sort of stupidity?
Don't worry the parents are paying at least 20k per house.
"Even better: paying them, then using the setscale command to make them smaller and slower, and chasing them down."
"Au contrarie, my dear fellow... But it seems like there's a lot of touchy Jingles fan here; I say no more."
Fuck this fake free performance
Oh indeed.
Translation: It has been determined that there is nothing left worth raking up from the bottom 80%.
"Not just any knife, *the* knife."
You mean something from my backyard?
"Toasters don't toast toast, toast toasts toast."
"Gerold Dayne, Thursday's Noon."
Jordan's a good guy But he's into some weird stuff All that kinky shit
"I loved David Tennant's run, but I still wish Chris Eccelston had been convinced to stay on longer."
Chemotherapy.
Ohhhhhh but if it was a White guy wearing Black girls as scarves the world would explode!
CHECK YOUR HETERO-CIS PRIVILEGE
There's a poogie?
"Yes, sadly for you this is an unattractive male perk, not a pretty lady perk."
"You sir, have a very good point."
How much would you pay me to stop living like a ferengi?
"Sign on the side of a Chicago Highway CUBS WIN WORLD SERIES ^^quit ^^smoking, ^^live ^^to ^^see ^^it"
Go back to your home on whore island!
*don't open the comments* *DO NOT OPEN THE COMMENTS* ....shit
Any chance you're by Pasco County?
Audio works but it's only in stereo(2.1) and not surround sound(5.1) correct?
good
"picture taken by me in Toronto, ON"
"I know what you mean, but you **never** know who you're going to react in a situation like this until it actually happens."
aspect ratio is wrong
Notable lack of jobs for womyn studies majors...
"Did you know, that what you posted is actually crows playing in the snow and not ravens?"
"Never noticed that before, all I noticed was me getting owned by a freaking hat across the entire map."
Then give it time.
"....but we already have a republican party, so what would change?"
"Look out OP, you'll dye by a terible desease which called (too late to know)!"
bulimia is so attractive...
Here we go again...
"Its not bad, say, what games can you play on it?"
But he only did that so people wouldn't think that he favours united.
Isn't liquid water one of the requirements for life?
Because the Detroit media definitely *isn't* full of UM homers.
Join the army they said... see the world they said... I'd rather be sailing...
"Yes, the future of music will conform to your definition of ""art""."
"2/10 its not that great, i'll take it off your hands for a nominal fee..."
"All I was running off of was a vague memory, not specific words."
"Yah, that's what they are doing."
Death black
"Then clearly since you see how complex the world is, it would have to have a sentient creator."
you should seriously do some Jon Skeet graphs
Don't Stop Me Now by Queen would have been my choice of background music.
Details?
You're pretty brave.
You are nothing if not maladjusted.
Go on...
I'm guessing that Red is uplink and green is for wireless AP's?
God forbid that justice should be moral.
"Mila Kunis' looks wouldn't matter, it's her PERSONALITY that I'd like"
"Oh, but that's so sweet!"
Stop being selfish/entitled.
Yes.
"Hooray, I just love casual racism!"
no
"Hey now, they somehow got a warrant to abuse the shit outta their power down at the DoJ!"
How do you install a hard drive like that on a PS3?
This sub could always use another image of Star Wars vcrs....
"Yeah, sadly he didn't die!"
"Well, if you freely chose to accept the state's position on things, you would have found total liberty."
Obviously the cop should be jailed for taking advantage of you.
"Just like instant coffee is the same as a nice siphon brew, right?"
Maybe it was a real Tiger in Animal Kingdom...
"I heard she got a ""perty mouth"""
"I just got off the phone with them, and they stated very specifically that they are, in fact, not monitoring this thread at all."
colonization of another planet
That's obviously a reference to the liberals that are kicking him down and keeping him from becoming a job creator.
"bro,"
You'd be surprised at all of the Canadian cartels that find a way to influence Vermonter's everyday lives.
"Yes, it is always a good idea to commit tax fraud!"
"We should assign everyone their future profession at birth, and train them solely for that, instead of waiting until they are old enough to make their own decisions."
Portal to a dentist's office in England.
Yeah that was funny shit.
"*Some* people like to stage their photographs, but I guess a peon like you wouldn't understand."
I'm so damned surprised...
YAY for copy paste solutions!
That's like... a *bajillion* PS1s!
"I think sloppy seconds is bad enough, sloppy twenty-seconds would be absolutely terrifying."
How would you know?
Fucking fake southerner tryin to fix our God given freedom of bad grammar!
Rape *isn't* how we get justice in this country?
"Mike Tice, obviously."
So what you're saying is that Jesus was into S&amp;M.
Are you sure?
"I love science, it's so logical and reasonable compared to the idiocy of religion!"
SO BRAVE
But they're raking in all those valuable internet points!
Thank you.
"No, you obviously think about reaching into the center console of your car and taking out a gun, pointing it at the guy and pulling the trigger before your think about resume driving."
You can't go wrong with Monster Cables
That's cause it released earlier in Asia and they already finished the game so they just went back to Sc2
"I know, almost an entire two days."
Thank god you were there!
"Well as you saw, he is in touch, literally."
Child molesters win!
LOL JUST LIKE COD
Because Rick Perry's name is one of his policies.
We really need this comment on every post.
HAHA girls are such incredible dumb bitches who only care about small things hahah they don't know real pain AM I RITE?
Maybe we can pay them to watch some of ours?
Your quarterback wears Uggs.
The next day: USC's athletic director tweets about inconsistency from the NCAA.
Eau du Toilet
I feel like upvoting this is gonna wind up with me being spied on by the NSA.
literally wood league
Do that include Swedish VAT tho?
We are but an insignificant dot in the Universe.
creepy.
He's popular but has he contributed any important ideas?
"Something something something, keep your enemies closer..."
or treat
It's not particularly stealthy though.
You need a dashcam with more than potato resolution and better night vision.
0-60 in under 3 seconds.
its still on the front page....
123 bj
"There isn't a jersey on that site for $25 though, even the replicas are going for more than that."
"Nop, put someone in a corner and you increase the chances of it not playing by the rules."
Favourite Pokemon by Generation: Alakazam Umbreon Ninjask Magnezone Carracosta/Ferrothorn
"yeah, it just changes the FOV"
Fresh goatee.
I like the way it looks now better
Oh that makes perfect sense.
Stephen fry did a similar thing
"If Korea got to semi finals, I can see Qatar as contenders for the WC."
No
Right and there have never been controversial Op-Eds in the New York Times or WaPo ...
"Sorry, but this statement is a pantheist one and inconsistent with the Abrahamic faiths."
Verify your email address.
She listened to her heart.
Great submission OP!
"So if a person points a gun at your face, you aren't allowed to aggress against them until they pull the trigger?"
Does the dog ever respond?
Is this the max size ship that you can fit in the game or can it get bigger?
"Ah, so getting a pic for the social media was more important than, you know, stopping him..."
I was being *totally* serious.
Stopping vaccinations is a great way to slow population growth.
Nice game player.
SPOILER ALERT JEEEEEESH!
"BOW BEFORE MY PROPHETIC INTELLIGENCE, MORTAL!"
I would also like to know.
after all these years my brain had the name 'knoxs korner' stored without me even loading the clip... yet when it comes to exams its a different story : /
Bikes aren't strapped in to trains.
Free Company ...
"Nobody here seems to be very sure, so I would make a quick appointment with your psychiatrist or your clinic to make sure it isn't something more serious."
How is this allowed in modern day politics?
which mill is this?
Thats why FGM should be legal exactly.
Tell us something embarrassing about Sean.
He gives people all over hope to always do one trip.
"Ah, next time try adding a"
She seems kinda unintelligent and indecisive.
Foothill Blvd... Narrows down which range the cowboy pimps on...
They have parental consent.
Ok
"I thought you were going to say that as you were carrying her, the dildo slid out and hit the floor."
Gothic
"No, she's African-American, therefore she CANNOT be racist."
"Clearly, religion is dying."
"but you see, that's the tax payer's problem now, not Walmart's"
yeah but when white people do it it's different
That must be why all those Russian orphans do so well later in life.
"Yeah, fuck SRS for thinking rape is a serious issue!"
"finally a reasonable, truthful accurate statement comparing pre and post 911 america ......................."
nice job misunderstanding the issue
Good to see you have your priorities straight.
Yeah right because striker is countered by flares.
"If I recall correctly, it became popular at about the time Hitler was alive..."
Virginia's 4 Virgins #kicktheautistic
I guess I needed this
Had to check the comments to be sure if it was alcohol or weed involved.
Let's see how many new enemies we can make at once.
..and definitely NOT jesus
He's no Ross Turnbull that's for sure!
Don't forget that when they reach the age of 18 their brain evolves to the point of being completely immune to sexual manipulation.
Oh god I hope my boss doesn't see that this cake has the work cunt in it.
"It's always her fault, didn't you get the memo?"
"Yeah, it is pretty terrible though... no offense."
CAUSE HES BLACK.
yeah it definitely looks like this dog leads nothing but a life of misery
But PBS and planned parenthood are job killing porkfat that must be eliminated!
This is all obviously George Bushs fault.
Unless the one player is the Illuminati!
"Yes, because your body is a sinful construct and you should be ashamed of it."
I'm sure this will end well.
It was probably for the best as the first few seasons of Sesame Street were released on DVD with a rating of PG.
Poor guy!
I love when articles open up talking about how someone looks.
"No, not at all."
Bet they love their paycheck too.
not a QB = not important
Definitely that movie about the group of Jewish American soldiers who collected Nazi scalps and shot the hell out of Hitler.
Because no one ever makes shit up on the internet.
"Basically, he's wanting the government to be the only ones with guns, because there's never been a government that slaughtered millions of its citizens after disarming them"
Lyanna has magical baby morphing powers.
"Obviously being a straight white man is frowned upon in Sweden, especially if you're a crime victim."
Yes humans have existed for 3 billion years and drank salt water all that time
You should have added 5 duplicates of each picture to really get the point across - like they did in the live presentation.
Isn't it impossible for a person to get a License to Carry Firearms in Boston (unless you're LEO)?
"Yes, and this totally justifies his murder."
Prgrammng is 100% srs bsns!
The condemnation of Hitler is nothing more than cultural elitism.
"So you're some kind of pathological liar then, never giving a straight answer."
Oh does he?
Did... did you continue?
are there any big names challenging him?
I think the better question is will he win the 2014 election?
"Wow much formatting Very red Much reddit skill Wow On a serious note, how do you ge tit to look like that?"
So different from everyone else
Commander Shepard?
If this is a scam I'll phone the internet police!
Would CO2 extraction count as solventless?
...who the fuck is taking this picture?
Nanoskin products are a bit more costly but they also last much longer which is another option.
Well color me shocked.
Not good enough unless SEC.
I don't see GTA V do I?
Sounds like your internet is from the 80s
...So how'd you get the photo off your phone and onto reddit?
"You know what they call a ""shocker""...?"
This kills the Rhoa.
Is this really the place to ask?
Someone get this person some Gamefly!
"yes, you can"
But what would happen to Adelaide...
From Ender's Game right?
"I tried to make a new user account for a professional version of me, but Google made it too hard, so fuck it."
I've seen satellite images of what are supposedly their enrichment reactors.
The NSA is getting personal on a whole new level.
Year long contracts are definitely the norm and most of them are signed around the beginning of the year (if possible).
You forgot the
Must be an American.
I agree.
Does it not have a web UI?
"Well, this is eventful."
"As someone who makes a living drawing stuff, talent alone won't get you there, you have to be a business man too."
I think they exported so much to the middle east that they are now running a little low themselves.
Your comment definitely deserves a downvote.
Was he the one who touched them too?
Since always
It's a shame it had to go that far before people started listening.
Nom Nom Nom
see you at piazza del sole in my civic bro!
"Gee... Kinda hard to tell from that video as you don't get the audio... But I'm sure the cops yelled ""STOP RESISTING"" a few times, so it's all good."
ACC bias!
Anecdotes are just like science!
Nearly 50% against a player pool that includes many foreigners is pretty appalling for a player of his calibre in the other two matchups.
Because they're super-duper euphoric and enlightened.
Perhaps people can live there when the Red Wings are not playing a game.
Can't wait for road rage to be covered understand stand your ground laws so we can have awesome shootouts between cars on the freeway and near children!
"Yes, let's all just regurgitate Our Team's party orthodoxy, because the only thing we care about is that Our Team wins the election"
"Yeah, because why should technology advance if you don't personally see a use in it?"
it has been fixed just as Fizz E
shirts off hour bro.
They probably dressed like sluts and asked for it by being so easy.
"Then you should remove your infant sons' prostates along with their foreskins, just in case."
"Now now, it's no time to be making enemies."
There are worse analogies so we should ignore that one.
I'm afreud I don't know.
"Not in America, dialup providers used to do this and it was ruled illegal because they'd be artificially increasing the size of whatever website you were viewing and then charging you to download the ads that they injected."
"Unless it's a guy, because guys can't be raped."
Because people that get divorced an have children deserve less rights than other people
I'm sure Cleveland Lebron would do just fine against the Spurs in the finals.
Wow you know it's getting serious when Reddit and 4Chan join a coalition for a movement.
"Well if I don't have them, why should they?"
I wonder if there's a Google Streetview
Think about all the possible crimes that those white straight privileged cis male children could have committed!
Someone has to help out CNN and it might as well be us right?
because the muzzled dogs are the safe ones.
"Well i consider u lucky, i gotta do my workouts at -15 to -30 celsius cos i dont have anything to do pullups other than trees outside."
"I'll have some milk and ice with a drip of coffee, because I love coffee."
Some men just want to watch the world ~~burn~~ drown.
Can someone find a gif of Romo avoiding the sack about 5 times then throwing the TD to Crayton?
I &lt;3 my ARL.
You forget this
He probably thought it was his teammate.
Why not Al Gore has created the internet
Standards and licensing boards are infringements upon liberty and freedom!
"Multiple rewrites of SSTB would be ideal, Coheed totally took a nosedive the second they walked out of the studio for the first time!"
"I'm not a hipster, I just heard it before it was cool, that's all"
Cant wait for that game where i can just log in and have all the things.
"He's probably dead, too."
"It's okay because she is a brave, strong woman who is taking the issue head on."
"Yep, Skyrim will definitely be 83% off, you should wait."
It's because they hand you towels.
"Yeah, that's about as implausible as them forgetting to check if their probes software was running on Metric instead of Imperial."
Oh dear god how DARE they have a contest where you could win things that are related to the product line they are selling.
But what if you miss
"Yeah, because UFC is his problem."
"Well ya, cuz you know, male privilege"
People are the same as animals and should be treated exactly the same.
Sarcastic dry wit comedy is supposed to be taken SUPER SERIOUS!
"his share probably went towards fighting piracy, because it's killing the industry"
"But these diplomats and politicians are the state, and the state represents the people, so he fucked over the american people."
"But ILL_Show_Myself_Out, all the top CEO's of Fortune 500 companies have Liberal Arts degrees..."
He had to do it!
"Yeah, I saw this in W."
..What?
A cop like that would be fucked here in cocksuckin' Nova Scotia.
Thanks Higby!
"Actually COD 27, but good try."
"You can also get a good meal, and do whatever you feel."
"Just write your own novel, get it published, and then have it be wildly successful so that in 100 years, someone will write a play that someone else apparently can't relate to because of cultural drift."
ACA's been benefiting me by letting me stay on my dad's insurance.
yer moms should step up her game.
The article is dated today?
I would say that it *is necessary* to reject incompatible beliefs if one wants to stay consistent.
"I think that they're adding Time Warp in order to overlap with Forcefields, so they can rework them."
I think your roommate might be gay.
"By 'enabling drug addiction,' you mean 'preventing drug addicts from starving to death,' yes?"
"The best redditors are the ones who don't misinterpret an all-caps comment as a rage, but instead recognize them as an excited, anxious question as the speaker hangs in anticipation of what the Legos are in posession of."
"So then when they don't make it to youtube anymore, we will all just say, ""We don't live in a police state, because we never see any videos of police misconduct!"""
"Its a plastic bag, not a thermos."
"That will get you shot on Reddit, don't you know that generalizations are ALWAYS wrong?"
How considerate of Nokia... They wanted him to have a better phone...
IF YOU WOULD JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP AND LET ME READ MY LIST
"Uh oh, a woman dared to be photographed with tight clothes on, time to focus on what's really important in life!"
3 (possibly more) of the from the vaults from my LGS came with an extra Cephalid Coliseum instead of Boseiju.
Ha fuckin Socialists it'll never work.
Well it didn't help that OP was late.
"Ya, I'm sure that's what is happening."
"Just a word of advice .. use a credit card if you can .. better theft protection, build credit plus get 1-2% rebates.. just pay your bill on time."
The real Mitt Romney once again shows his true colors.
... and even *sparkle*.
"And I'm gonna have to quit the military, it looks like."
"There are websites that get a bunch of no-life people to go around mass-trolling people by either starting rumors or even just the usual spam like ""fight me IRL"" or ""U iz Gay lolz""."
Your dad obviously had great morals and raised a fine kid.
I *might* be around on Sunday.
I don't think folders work how you think they work.
I wish I knew how to bootcamp games.
"Wow, A replay of all the lies."
I wish programming was as easy as poking a computer.
"You mean the tip of the pen, right?"
The Great Gatsby is a novel from 1925 but people keep bringing it up that's so nerdy
ERRMAAGERRRDD BAN GUNS
But that's fine because he's just so *badass*.
And they didn't improve it in the intervening years whatsoever.
It made me pissed off that I had to move my mouse to mute the video.
It has a cool beat.
"They are, because they can kill someone and still get paid for it."
Because their competition has been so good
Stop.
Did Adam get a tan or something?
"Oh, you."
hilarious......
Didn't expect to see this one...
"Yeah I don't see what people are so worried about, it's not like the government is spying on the entire country and people are being facing imprisonment for YEARS over comments they make over the internet."
"Wait, you mean 16GB of storage doesn't actually cost an extra $100?"
because women are just sexual objects.
weshouldprobablyhavesex.gif
"Then blue car comes back and says to your car, ""what a fuckin asshole""."
"I'm not talking about history, I'm talking about science, and history wise, there's no 'historical' evidence for numerous things in the bible, outside of the bible."
"I like it a lot, the people are cool."
"Typical German, oppressing the Slavs."
Do you have a source?
"Every time I see Chris Chocula's name, I read it as Count Chocula and check to see if I clicked an Onion link."
"condemning just seems like a pretty loaded word compared to ""criticizing"""
But bootstraps!
Those darn natives!
So unprofessional.
As a fucker named Tucker That joke never gets old
Yes let's save money by adding another third party to the cost
Anybody know if the estimated video piracy in Australia correlates?
woooo more stuff for the rich people !
"If you're looking to do this on a budget, it'd be helpful to know what country you're in (and if you're US/Canada, what state/province)"
"i heard it grows on directory trees, maybe you can harvest them"
"I thought it was ""man the fuck up and ask her out."""
Yes because that's worked before right?
Because only 90's kids will remember this..
"Plus all of their periods would eventually be on the same cycle, and then nobody in the company would get anything done 1 week out of 4!"
Something attractive people may learn very early.
"Glenn Beck is keepin' it classy, as always!"
Well this is impartial and reasonable.
Humans had it coming by wearing sexy wetsuits
"Right, what a dumbass for sticking up for herself."
Well you sound like a stand up human being-he must be a lucky man
"Yes, because a link to their facebook helps me find out what they sound like."
TIL that getting a vasectomy ruins your manhood.
"I think the circular bomb is an homage to Batman Forever, and the bomb that Two-Face brought to the circus."
It's probably because the belts don't leave any evidence at the crime scene right?
"Yes, and the strikeforce of Drogba and Torres was the sole reason for that."
"Cmon man Obama is above that kinda shit, hes the most open president in history."
"Not sure why this is in r/ancap, but it is some scary stuff."
Even if he's able and willing to maintain her with enough money?
I wish my tattoos left my skin that unswollen and clean...
Needs more
It's a shame they won't be able to handle it with the grace and sobriety of EPL fans when they had 3 semifinalists in the UCL :(
TIL - All economists are borderline marxist liberals.
Times Colonist blew the case wide open!
How scientific!
How the fuck are forest fires analogous to rape in any way
"C'mon now, an average opposing QB rating of like 140 isn't THAT bad."
"The dryness has been pretty expensive, with rents being so high."
I forgot how bad A&amp;M &amp; LSU are....
She spoke to 3 different people in 20 minutes... what a SLUT
"Well, if you live in a state with a poor health care system, you can just move."
common sense isn't as common as one might think \#DeepThoughtsWithDrunk
I wonder how many variations on this are going to be posted.
let it soak for 72 hours
I wonder if they had to fill out the 100 question survey first...?
"That would have just made her seem more like a ""hero""."
I would watch this but give it another five or ten years.
"It's really, really hard to see OP in comments."
The fuck kind of paper would accept anecdotal evidence as a supporting argument for a thesis?
"This best part about this is Rule 34 existing, so pretty much everything has a ""porn version"" of it so everything would be guilty."
Super Mario Sunshine IRL
"I care about Karma, it's just now I think I have enough to pretend like I don't."
Adjustable hands would be awesome!
Nothing wrong with some Ace of Base
Peace be with you.
Did it ever occur to you that this would be a derpette?
So exactly how many companies does this cover?
Lack of atmosphere!
And I wish most would take into consideration what was needed to make a median income in 1938 vs today.
Hernandez
yeah this subreddit is over
"I guess ""degrasse tyson"" was too much of a mouthful huh?"
"Moe is my clear favorite, because he actually started wearing my custom Detroit Red Wings jersey...also because it cracks me up when he says ""alright meow"""
I'll be going around to all the game threads and posting the links tonight.
Not seeing any Wheeled Skeletons in OPs pic
"I agree, my phone is way more important than the safety of some random people I don't even know."
Her left eye looks weird to me.
"ran the numbers, this checks out"
Where do I know your username from...
George Dubya in a tank full of hydrazine?
Tesla rocks!
C'mon Hyman we made that joke in november.
That's not true....Yes it is!
"Fuck OUYA, it's a piece of shit and anyone who bought one just wasted their money."
What did HE say (as to what the reason was)?
"All I see is OP posting a picture with a sign in it.... any racist connotation is on you, friend ;)"
But how are they supposed to get those precious seats that just became available if they don't squeeze in immediately?
What if you're fapping to a feminized version of yourself?
"Oh leave the guy alone, its just a little .50"
A little segregation never hurt anyone!
"Or he could just use a good, old fashioned copy of the Constitution."
"Sorry, you lost me at ""Louis CK is a hack""."
:o I'm telling :(
"I feel like if we ever get the opportunity to show THIS idea works it'll be a lot of... hold the fuck on, just trust us... we know what we're doing... voluntary and shit"
Can't Photoshop you in front of a coffin either...
I'm just about positive that once your trophy level is below 100 you only lose 1 trophy each time.
I limit my reddit time otherwise it just fucks up all of my days.
"Yeah, Walt looks super irritated in this gif!"
Linux
"its only function should be things not able to be done at the State level, for example international diplomacy... and I'd say they're doing a swell job at that, right?"
"It'll still probably be at the top of youtube for Halloween though, and that's what really matters"
"whoah, I've never seen a funny video before!"
"no, there's only asian fathers with high expectations."
"Sure, seems like a totally fair trade."
"but they have been enslaved on a large scale, it's called ""marriage"""
"Zelda: Majora's Mask when Deku Link looks directly at you at shakes his head as if to say ""Here we go again...""."
why is unemployment is calculated differently when a democrat is president?
"I guess when you've been in the desert surrounded by people who want you dead, one little blonde CNN reporter isn't going to intimidate you."
Yay... All my mods broken again...
It's almost as if he was the only person in the world with that viewpoint.
THIS IS NOT FUCKING FORESHADOWING.
That's one really long tree.
"Yeah, totally, how did women handle breast feeding being their only option for so many centuries?"
"unlikely, they would be saying why didn't they win the league in december because spending everything is the only way..Wenger OUT!"
"We all know what a great track record in human rights the secular military has, right?"
"Given that the Affordable Care Act was implemented in its cost-reducing entirety in 2009, this certainly seems like a major blow to the Obama administration's health care plan..."
The big Lebowski
No it wasn't.
Sacrifices have to be made its all for the good of society
BANNED
"People in turkey and brazil just don't have anything better to do than protest, our day to day is too busy and important"
Oh lookie here at mister moneybags
They're all too busy in the Champion's League
But... But... But... Socialism!
Because the existence of richer people must mean that other people are poorer!
But it's natural!
"Like ""obfuscated""?"
YES BURY THE CAPITALIST PIGS FOR GLORIOUS LEADER HAS DECLARED THAT WE MUST DO SO IN DEFENSE OF OUR MOTHERLAND
Because the federal worker is evil just like teachers etc...
I act like that When I gotta pee
May.
DON'T LET GAYS DEFILE THE PUBLIC EDUCATION SYSTEM!
"wait, theres no one named anything close to camel..."
obviously lack of institutional control.
It's called hand sanitizer bro!
"Just have to take poonpanda's word for it, said nobody ever."
the fuck is a dime?
"So if I'm on top of her and she is hitting me and trying to push me off, then it's all good!"
Reddit Gold
Oh...once I've been refuted by the fact machine at r/libertarian
Filthy console peasants!
"Shave the inside of your nose, you totally don't need those hairs in there!"
"Yeah screw diversity, starcraft isnt big enough for multiple casting crews."
"Well, that question seems perfectly unbiased and doesn't generally lend itself towards one result"
"Yeah, that McDojo Gracie Barra with all of their McMedals at International McTournaments."
"Great business plan, banks will be falling over themselves for his signature"
"No, we all hate asoiaf in this subreddit."
well look at mr fancy pants
"As a Cyber Monday deal, do you ever get jealous that people ignore you 364 days of the year?"
I'm so glad that the UN has seen fit to grant us some human rights...
"Space dolphins, money well spent I say"
"For sure, that guy messaged 10 of his friends to stage this play for the sweet karma"
"Right, this would really give the game that extra something special it's currently missing, fingers crossed for release day"
"I wanted to see the guy fall down, the video cut off too early."
Try small business owner who just hired someone who is willing to pay his dues.
You gotta admit our conservatives/Republicans are devilishly clever.
*Buffy the Vampire Slayer*.
So... what do they do on a Friday night?
"Well, if you didn't find cutting zombies in half with saw blades immensely satisfying, I don't know what to say."
We got blown out from the start all the way to the finish.
Even then expect them to stab you in the back as soon as it becomes advantageous.
"Using the word ""comedian"" preeeeeeeetty loosely here."
Day trade every move up or down like a worn out alcoholic at the slots.
"As of right now, I'll have to say Non Non Biyoris OP just fills me with joy every time i hear it..."
Because FICA is not federal income tax and is not meant to pay off any treasuries at all.
Hes totally into you.
"They can contact you via Redditgifts and you can reply to them, but I don't think you can message them first."
I guess the entirety of the population of millions on reddit are actually just one person being a dick to himself.
This is Arcade.
"and if they cant protect a child long enough to defend itself the genetic line ends, hence selection"
I understand that what I'm talking saying is though that it was James VI of Scotland who got the ball rolling even if he was wearing his king of England hat.
How about Chipper Jones since every other player up there is no longer active?
"But guys this is just Islamic culture, you have no right to insult it, that would be racist and islamaphobic."
So...insignificant...
All they do is sit at home and spend your money on stupid berries
"Clearly, his skate was in the trapezoid when he played the puck so it was a good call"
God forward assists are so pointless...I always like people that smack them after they load a round...its fun to watch people monkey with them.
I find this oppinion highly controversial
You think you're some Fiat cat around here?
I'm guessing a bigger number stencil had to be used to cover up a mistake during the painting.
"Often the posts between doors are removable, and there's also usually some kind of loading bay."
"At some point they have to decide what kind of country they want to be, and I think this is a good first step."
"If there's anything libertarians love, it's giving away their hard-earned money for the benefit of losers who don't deserve it."
"And he was also in love with a man named Antinous, hence my name :)"
What was his excuse for that douchebag move?
He's such a nice guy that he wants to let you know exactly how he's wooing you.
"yup, because all men are looking for fragile females who they can take care of and protect..."
People who talk the longest about themselves and how great they are are usually being 100% honest.
""
"Get your dirty, disgusting logic out of here!"
It's a double entendre
Great post title.
"Hey, whatever makes you feel better about losing the argument, sug."
I can imagine why he's looking outside the BDSM community for a sub.
"I'm Rod, and I like to party."
You two should just go get a room ;P
"The same guy that tweeted saying it ran at 720p tweeted later saying that at release it won't be 720p, I think."
Well that will show them!
"Everyone knows that school buses, milk trucks, and hybrid cars are what tears up our roads!"
First time I've ever read something stupid at WSJ.
something something freindzoned something
"It could very well just be one of those words like ""guttural"" that people seem to use without any real meaning other than ""this sounds different and I don't like it."""
Sadly with 3 children under 3 and a 9-5 job my time is fairly limited beyond those I touch directly but who knows down the road.
"I dunno if it has changed now, but when I took those classes a D was all you needed to take the next one except for calc 1."
"Dang, i've never seen this picture before"
Population is bit dense in this area of Maryland to be shooting these things... just saying.
Penn state didnt stumble too much against us....
Nah.
good call bro!
Druggie!
Your so funny!
he's a fat ugly babby
#respectthebrodie #brodiesalute
Maybe its from all the english movies he watches.
"No, just sounds like a nice BDSM style game."
"She really is female, this has come up before."
I guess I will start taking your economic views a little more seriously after you have won your first Nobel Prize in economics.
"Oh man Obama is sooo cool, I don't even care that he wouldn't think twice to put me in prison for smoking weed"
I have no idea how I survived so long without a gun.
I used to play that all time as a kid!
Look at how jacked the guy of the left's quads are though!
Chemtrails
"That sucks, hopefully all goes well."
but..but i thought libertarians were just extreme tea party people
"I don't know, Mazzarri would have been the perfect fit."
that would totally help the economy
"And if they could get Jennifer Connely as the Companion, it would be Christmas."
Reaganomics: the pinnacle of the free market
Doug Ford is definitely using his worst examples of fiscal triumphs whilst withholding the true gems for later.
I'm sure these far right topless protesters will discuss this over tea and biscuits with the oppressed muslims.
still waiting for the drop...
A personal park for the global elite who will have a great resource after the rest of us get killed off.
"If they cared, there'd be no problems because they'd have been prepared."
More like Union Jack off!
yeah he looks so gross omg ew
Yeah the multicultural society is really great
"Not Jews, so who cares?"
Don't you know that graphics make good games?
Not really our problem you're a credit to our profession.
"Yes, because my regular garage clearly suffers from this problem."
Are you saying that major Hollywood movies *aren't* how most disclosures of Earth shattering information are released?
"Caucasian is a racist term, don't use it."
because Atheists have no concept of Morals whatsoever!
"Yeah, a clean grid with large easily recognizable icons is the worst ever."
Expect us!
"But pools weren't made to *kill*, like guns were, so it doesn't matter that they're more dangerous."
"Gladly, you don't even have a ranged weapon equipped n00b huntard!"
A+ would read again.
Because he's definitely not just making a joke.
"Yes we are way worse and unsportsman-like than anyother NFL fans, Oakland for instance."
NOT YOUR PERSONAL ARMY
Good thing there are all these voter ID laws to disenfranchise democrats to stop voter fraud.
It's made so well it shouldn't even be eaten.
You forgot the
LMAO Westbrook is overrated.
Because those damned homeless have had it too good for too long.
When I read Morgan Stanley was handling things... LOLLOLOLLOL... They tend to short-sell stuff and screw investors as much as possible... Sounds legit to me...
He gives refs homemade sex tapes of him and his super model wife and her friends.
"sorry, forgot the"
"Pshaw, everyone knows duckface is the epitome of hotness."
YEAH BUT HOW IS THAT CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY PLUS I BET YOU HE'S A FUCKING PAUPER WHAT A WASTE OF A HUMAN BEING RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE
The one against Pakistan when he had to invade to get Osama bin Laden.
Good plan...just make sure you don't draw a cigarette.
He is obviously talking in yen.
"Could be worse, you could be working at McDonald's."
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
"Yeah, that's exactly what Europe is."
"Cubed... I hated Vista, so I dual-booted Ubuntu... Ubuntu was getting slow, so I decided to delete my Ubuntu partition, upgrade to 7, and then reinstall Ubuntu, but after a month I still haven't actually gotten around to re-installing Ubuntu!"
"but..but...christians are evil because they hate people, so that makes it good to hate them and lie about them"
"Yeah let's just pile on more debt and print more money, that'll solve everything."
Glad to see your logic at work here.
Sounds reasonable....
Cause what the world really needs is more people passionate about their belief structures.
"Yeah, 'cause you might get into an accident and paralyze yoursel... oh."
What career should I have?
"45 minutes my ass, really, my colon tells me when it's go time caffeine is the igniter and raisin bran is the explosive."
"Oh look, more stupid vapid shit on reddit."
Its a bit more complicated than that article describes but thats the basic idea.
I suggest you get some advice from somewhere other than Reddit.
"It's not a logical fallacy, it's a theory contradicted by facts."
"I, too, am stunned by photographs with too much green tint."
"Yeah, but cats are cute!"
good enough for me
Very helpful
"Yeah, I'm glad you clarified that in your initial statement instead of just rambling wildly"
Statistics: *you* can spot the lucky numbers too!
What a wonderful example of coincidence!
"How much is the interest rate, if i keep it on my wallet?"
"There is no need to be cautious, Bacon is delicious..."
"Right now, 3: Front door, downstairs door, garage door."
I would appear to be the only person on reddit who hates marshmallows and can't stand to have them pass my lips.
Douchebag baby.
Yep just got booted off of a game.
Guess his children shouldn't have been terrorists then.
...but Kenya is predominantly a Christian country.
"Uhh, Patriot Act for one."
Yeah - who the hell is he and what does he have to do with Wikipedia?
I am asking reddit admins to add page numbers to make it more convenient to browse...
"Because of all of the ""green shoots""."
"I agree, the idea that God created a universe with 100 billion galaxies just for us is much less humble."
But I KNOW Pelosi was not informed!
*PLEASE*
shitloads*
"Unfortunately for George, his show is terrible and I don't think any other networks are going to be tripping over themselves to sign him."
been saying this for years.
konomiyaki.... i miss you...
I'm a pretty big wheel down at the cracker factory.
It does for me regardless of whether it's empty
It could *never* happen in America.
Do I hear Donald Trump?
"These two facts are entirely unrelated, how dare you suggest one group getting richer while another can no longer feed their children is in any way related!"
I didn't know that 10012010 was a binary number.
Who could possibly get upset over someone touching their genitals?
So... he liked it?
You need new friends.
"I'm sure that there will be court transcripts available online, if you find them then submit them here and you'll probably collect a fair amount of upvotes."
Willingness to give blowjobs.
You are a tall man.
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
People are using it.
"Heavy has stubble, not a beard."
"I think you mean clips, and frankly they should be called assault clips, because the only reason you need more than one, is if you plan to kill people."
"No wait, this one is funnier because it talks and has googly eyes!"
shocker!
I didn't watch any episodes after the first one and now I'm glad I didn't because the finale really sucked and didn't answer any of my questions.
Yay for animal cruelty
"Yes, exactly that, only with a different meaning and different words."
"Wait, they ""let"" him be a rock star in exchange for only taking 95% of the money... I still see why most jump at that, they think being famous is worth something when its not and record companies know fame is fleeting but money is forever."
I vote for meeting you!
I don't think it's much a choice for the women.
How is Antares Tech not the richest company in the world yet?
"I got that bitch a boner, bitches love boners."
"It regularly pulls 2+Gs, I'm fairly sure I'd be crushed to death by first checkpoint in Nurburg."
"I mean, why interview actual people when you can pull a(n unverified) blurb off of the internet?"
"America, land of the free, home of the brave."
TIL fictional characters post on reddit.
Our hero!
"National Guardsmen performing *domestic* civil service, that preposterous!"
"Oh *yes*, this inflammatory stuff *really* contributes to the *dialogue*."
"Hahaha, homophobia is SO funny."
Who tuck you in at night and don't allow you to play pokemon when you want?
"Don't be silly, you can't control Tom Cruise."
And I thought 4 hours was dangerous.....
Ignored
But Nooooo they are the Liburl media they would never do something like that.
"Yeah, many Americans will starve tonight because of what the sons a bitches did today!"
"Yes , it's so nice how they learn so much from Hitler."
don't stop believing
that's interesting that you know so much about the inner workings of her marriage from just 3 sentences.
in fox holes... yes
"Because Bill Gates is still completely associated with Microsoft, where he stepped down as CEO 11 years ago."
Wonderland?
"And his xenophobia, his relationship with Xeno has suffered from all the time he's been putting in at CNN."
"What you need to do is determine when they are sleeping, and then crank up your music to keep them awake."
I would replace Republican with Conservative.
"Well, it might still serve OP's goal of storing diagrams in plaintext (albeit in not-so-human-readable form)."
"Amazing, teach me to be as cool as you."
"Yeah, Indy was a lot more interested in absconding with other nations' cultural treasures than he was in melting them."
"So your saying we should work 4, 12 hour days then?"
Obligatory post about Tyler Seguin only being 19 and the world should be outraged.
And they want you... they peek under your clothes and grab your nuts.
Women know their place
"The alternative is that we are supporting terrorists, and we don't want to support terrorists do we?"
"yeah, ike that's the first thing we'd all do when we get out"
"Wait so if they were in a country with no guns, both sides would be armed and it would have been a knife brawl where the crooks may have still gotten away but someone might have died too?"
"Did you mean ""would have"" helped?"
"Yeah, and cause cars aren't easily associated with their owners, the government will have no idea who is driving which car."
BURN THE WITCH!
Let political correctness prevail.
"Benny Hinn - because let's face it, people get diseases, and need to be rid of those diseases."
i find this picture to be statistically significant with regards to portraying the entire demographic of america.
The JFK one is pretty good.
The Bush Administration could have saved us upwards of a trillion dollars by not lying us into the Iraq War.
"It's awesome, is what it is."
".. and what we found out is, that the scale goes to 101, not 100"
Yes would have sufficed tough guy
I hate it when people grow too many vegetables.
I help spread the load every night.
"If we don't continue to drill, then the oil wins."
"It's not as good as it used to be, but still better than Digg, etc."
historians came to a consensus on something?
however.... larger ones do have a positive economic effect.
Not if it's properly funded.
"With all the information you have provided, I'm sure you'll get lots of new players!"
It's a high school project.
I don't know but I can see whose the fattest.
You would hope that.
You would probably download it anyway.
"But if that money is going into someone's pocket, then it is stimulating the economy!"
linkin park and 50 cent make frag videos awesome
"But the bible says you shouldn't rape and murder, and so do our laws, so the causality is obvious!"
Damn Canadians.
You make *such* a compelling argument.
"Because when I think of places I want to go as a mission runner, I think 0.0"
Yeah because Android is NEVER sluggish
I've never seen this before!
Nate Davis.
We pay for those socks with our taxes.
Feminism now hurts women more than it helps.
"Yoshimura exhaust, yes Douche"
I showed up to Drum about 2 weeks ago and within a span of a day my unit was changed and now I'm heading downrange pretty damn soon.
"Yeah, it's actually me doing both voices... nice catch..."
It was cheating when Hines Ward didn't roll over and play dead after Rex Ryan put the hit out on him.
Sacrifice a goat egg!
"Republican marriage, sure, but gay marriage, now that's just wrong."
you are welcome
And underfunded.
Chilled celery log... yum!
aulde
"Damn you democrats, forcing abortions on every single woman."
"My apologies, I'll make it more clear next time."
"Yes, but we all know girls are innocent and do not commit sex crimes."
"Wait, you mean you guys haven't?"
the mythbusters did.
"I'm sure the weather had something to do with it as well:) My Firefox English dictionary flagged it as being wrong, and I just picked the first one on the list because it's me being a retarded mindless Zombie."
you racist boy!
God I hate miata drivers...
"No, you'll just be throwing your vote away."
forgot the
I had no idea Petraeus is such an anti-Semite!
oh my god i'm shocked.
There are two Dakotas?
Finals yay!
Well you know the caps are justified because Cisco charges royalty fees for every packet that passes over the router.
Or maybe it's just a cigar.
"Upvoted because goddamn, that's pretty close to what I was thinking in this thread."
"Yeah, and Scott Walkers campaign pitch was about abolishing collective bargaining right of workers."
"Agreed, another X-mormon here."
"Got something to hide, bub?"
"Wow, ESPN has NEVER jumped the gun about the Michigan head coaching job........."
Or dogshit.
WTF we haven't started to burn books yet?
Soda without phosphoric acid makes me vomit almost immediately.
I'm going to fucking kill you.
You'll never find out here...
So remove your phone number from your account
No.
Otherwise they wouldn't be able to slip out of their pants.
"But what happened ... at one time we were the best in the world ... OK when we beat England and we were the only two countries playing, but it still counts!"
Well her family do like the fishes!
"Brockton Village I believe, but Parkdale North will do."
"well, you act like one..."
I'm surprised you gave her a ride home.
Yeah geothermal is GREAT for making plastic/etc
TIL AES works by changing the background colour to the same colour as the text.
"I know man, no ones should be allowed to vote on things I disagree with"
"Why are both bottles 75 fl.oz, but one's 2.30 litres while the other one's 2.22 litres?"
Except Ron Paul he is the the only honest politician in the world
TIL I am hardcore
"I'm also going into senior year, and I am so looking forward to going back to my school and seeing all the people I purposely avoided of the summer."
"but ""anything will be better than this tyrant"" is all I hear on NPR, so it must be true."
Only if the musicians themselves submit the tracks.
Uh... sounds totally *not gay*.
100 times this!
"I had the same thing happen to me, but I was wise to their ways."
Famous Blue Raincoat covered by Tori Amos hits me like a ton of bricks
See: almost any 'exclusive discount' this is only hurting the biz-ness - the 'new' sales they get from crap like this burns in the end - who knew customers aren't all so stupid?
"Another reason to shoot on film, since we know film has infinite latitude and resolution."
"Unless you have insurance to pay for his BMW, you're fucked."
FOX NEWS: Nintendo discriminates against handicapped gamers
"thats fantastic, GTFO!"
I tell them I'm from the seven_fight_seven
"Here, you dropped your"
Isn't Iraq the name of the desert between Utah and California ?
"No, all morality springs from the fear of eternal torment rather than genuine empathy."
"I would say programming in it is the #1 way, followed by reading how to program in it at a close second."
"Yeah, pfft who needs a dynamic range and positional audio."
Perfection sir.
No one has ever died there.
No problem.
88.564% of statistics are made up.
That makes two of us!
That's what I've always said.
"government, friend of the poor."
Yeah thats a great idea.
Who needs George Carlin when we have lolcats?
no!
I'm honestly surprised.
But they were separated!
"Yes it is,but ut's a great way for the wealthy to cull the less desirables."
"Compared to Microsoft, who is constantly embracing open standards"
Anything's better than Palin!
"Of course it's a ""less of a country"", those people don't speak English they don't even speak a respectable (nordic or romance) language, they speak some unintelligible ""Eastern European"" language, meaning of course they've only recently entered the iron age ..."
"Yes, because everyone who believes in God denounces evolution unequivocally."
"Yeah, I think you figured it out."
"Yea, this sounds real fair."
But... But... Jews suck anyway!
Hahaha Hope they set a presidence and send a clear message to all asshats.
"Just curious, I wanna know what ports are listening so I can gain access."
"yeah, those fucking smug pussy vegetarians."
Your comment is extremely relevant.
"NSFW, thanks."
Who said I didn't have a big dick?
"values, as in capitalism .. there is good money in imprisoning people .."
